If the answer is no, then you accept the hand you've been dealt and you move on.
I know you have it in you to face your current set of challenges head on, and in turn, gain more wisdom and strength from them.
You serve our kind with great honor.
That's your foot hold to climb the fucking mountain you have ahead of you.
I'm confident that you'll handle your change graciously and kick life's ass!
You're gonna feel that lump in your throat as you remember your time together and it's okay.
Just don't dwell on them so much, don't forget to smile and remember the good that you got out of the relationship.
Eventually, time will help you pick yourself up and compress those fragments of your broken heart like a .zip file and store it in a little corner as your heart recovers until you can love again.
You really enlightened my day, put back a smile on my face !
You spread kindness to others and that makes you lovely as well.
And you just hit me right in the heart.
You've got a good head on your shoulders, and a way with words.
You most certainly have a strong and beautiful heart, keep it that way!!
Well, I think you're brilliant and you are good at making people smile.
You'll settle in, and while you are, you get to decide what kind of person you want to be in the group.
*Hugs* Keep your chin up and believe in yourself.
Now pick your head back up and get back out there, because the world doesn't wait for people who give up.
You wonderfull thing ( m/f) PS: If you need a shoulder to cry on... :-)
Go wrap your arms around someone you love right now.
OP, you just made me cry with your kindness and optimism....I find it hard to stay positive about my life and struggle daily with overwhelming anxiety about everything - job, relationship, uni, friendships - this little island of selflessness and care in the middle of reddit-land is truly beautiful.
Sorry if I'm sounding like an asshole but I just can't believe you guys are serious about this...
Thanks for your kind words
Try something you don't normally do - Take some paper and tape, and make some kind of little sculpture - I'm gonna be making a tree soon for a D&amp;D session.
You legitimately made my day for days to come with your kind words!
I will try to repay this the best I can by showing your kindness to others.
Your dick is fine.
Heck, even if your dick is a little on the small side, that's better than too big.
You have a nice dick.
When I'm feeling like the world is too much for me and I can't take it head on this is the quote that gets me through: "Square your shoulders to the world, be not the kind to quit.
I'm not here to give you an empty compliment, but I am here to lend you an ear.
There are people here who have your back - you never have to feel alone.
And you're not just paying for an education, you're paying for opportunities - to meet people, to explore your options, to learn about the world and to head out there prepared to face whatever challenges you choose and absolutely slay them.
Your dick is way nicer than this dick:
You got a nice dick, bitch
If you need a pick me up, hand out some smiles.
If you never felt shitty, you'd never appreciate happiness!
Every cell of your body is an astoundingly complex gift of life.
I like your sense of style and I think your accessories complement your frame and face perfectly.
I think you have a beautiful smile, also love the hair!
You are very pretty :) I love your style and big smile!
You will be the kind of teacher that the students will remember fondly!
", it seems to be more like "how do you get your old friends (that you got by being an asshole) to like the new non-asshole version of yourself?
If people liked you *because* you were an asshole and put others below yourself - that might just be what they like.
I'm not saying to get all preachy about it, but instead of just "being" the polar opposite of who you were, try adding some (non-judgmental) context and explain your change of heart and behavior to some of the friends that you liked the most.
Among the newer threads, you’ll notice that my initial comments are all relevant to the ‘discussion’ at hand and are not about me: [A](So there’s the proof of relevant discussion that you requested!
 I love your hair :) I have really long hair and I want a really short haircut.
This could be discouraging to a lesser person...I'm so glad you're made of such tough stuff that this kind of thing just rolls off your back.
So let your team know that as their lead, you are there to kick ass and chew bubblegum....and you are all out of bubblegum!
Alright, lets kick this in the.....I usually say teeth here, but.... As the goto, reliable, kick ass and take names, jack of all trades guy, I ALWAYS get the, hey can you swing by, can you help...blah blah blah...and you know what....NEVER do they offer, but you know what....Never do I expect it, I do it because I can, and I am that guy.
So you are a kick ass individual for doing it...but you know what, you don't have to always be that person....sometimes you can say no, sometimes you have to have time for yourself.
I know it can more than suck on the teeth front, and it makes a crazy difference when you not worry about smiling or laughing, you will get there, it may not be today, but soon enough.
Invest in that smile, it will take you places.
Control arms...those can get you into trouble.
I find sometimes I have to distract myself from it by simply going to a mall, or where people are, just to remember I am part of the human race, and I am not alone, I may not be having meaningful relationships with these folks, but I am not alone, and if you spend any time on reddit, you will find that you are not either, there are more than enough people in this world taking hits, but here is what makes reddit and this world a little better.....This.
Thank you - I do try to make people smile, but there are too many times it's hard to smile myself.
It's nice you can be mature in the face of heart break and stay friends with her.
Now that she's not available, you're free to open your eyes to other possibilities...I bet they're out there waiting right now.
I'm proud of you for deciding to get a head start and I believe in you!
That kind of dedication is rare - you are stellar!
There are others in your shoes and I used to be one of them.
:) Smile man you've only got this one life don't let silly things bring you down and focus on improving instead of worrying about your mistakes.
And everything you created, even if inspired by other things, came out of your head.
Makeup for your own wedding or just a wedding look in general?
Can't say anything about the makeup, but... girl, you are gorgeous!
You will smile again and love life.
Watch a movie that makes you smile.
I can assure you a lot of guys would give their left testicle to be with someone like you, but the problem is that they generally don't get out much.
as long as you're not an asshole, you are pretty fucking cool!
I like the laces that come over the shoulders; they look pretty on your arms.
Maybe something like a sleeveless vest, or even something that hangs down over your shoulders, kind of like when people wear a sweater over your shoulders?
I like your teeth.
Your face is good.
If you need some girl power, head over to /.
Your soul mate is still out there.
Keep your chin up, focus on things that make YOU happy :)
You are a bad ass.
And keep your chin up.
You've got one good ear, and it's probably compensating for the other so go ahead and find an instrument you like.
You've gotta be pretty active in making friends, and you're gonna have to try everyone who seems like they might be your kind of person, because a lot of them are gonna be hard to befriend.
So start conversations in bookstores, coffee shops and libraries, do crazy things that you wouldn't normally, and just smile and greet everyone.
Maybe that's your calling in life - a job, or even volunteer position, guiding others through life's hardships so they can find its value and happiness.
It doesn't matter - your life is about you finding meaning and happiness, expressing yourself how you can, and contributing what you can to this thing we call humanity.
Figure out what things you are good at (I know there are many), and focus on them.
You're a smart guy, and your dad cars about you, video games and computers are fun but so are the outdoors and boobs maybe diversify a bit and never be afraid to fail.
Edit: also, the best driving advice I ever got was l, "drive with your eyes".
Keep your eyes to the centre of the lane and use them to anticipate what you want to do.
You play guitar, weight lift, and participate in different styles of martial arts.
Your post made me smile, we should all be way more open and caring to each other and this post reminded me of that.
I encourage you to do that, so that if cupid never smiles upon you, you'll still have an internal life that is the source of much joy, and friends and hobbies that sustain you through the lonely times.
When you hear something like that, a whole bunch of thoughts that begin with "but I don't" or "but what if" come into your head.
You brought tears to my eyes.
Man you deserve happiness.
You have a kind heart, one that has not had its gentleness smashed and stomped out by this cold world.
You decrease World Suck with your kindness and softness, and your cat thinks you're a bit of all right.
You found a pretty cool sub, which I also found, and you got me to post my first comment on here - so you've not only got a keen eye for what's up-and-coming, but you're gifted with charisma, too!
Especially given the length of your relationships, you seem like a very stable, awesome, pretty (as much as I can tell in frankenbride makeup) person.
It seems like you have figured out several things you don't want to do.
Now is the time to try new things and figure out who you want to be.
Anger, resentment, depression, and other emotions only hinder you.Those emotions are just a cramp in your leg.
You should not feel like a failure because your plan didn't work, you should feel alive, and be happy that you figured out your plan is wrong for you at 20 and not at 30.
Just keep your head up, bud.
Every day I hurt, not only because of my own battle that I'v been fighting for a few years but because of all the hurt all innocent people are suffering through, I know I shouldn't watch the news because its negative and depressing but every time you turn it on something terrible and tragic is going on, The situation in Paris is breaking my heart the situation with the police and minorities is breaking my heart, all around intolerance, ignorance, hate, racism, it literally makes my heart hurt..
I kept picturing my future children in my head and kept whispering 'I'm sorry, I can't afford to have you now.'
If you see someone and just feel the urge to compliment them, I think it would be pretty normal to just say "Excuse me, sorry to stop you, I just really like your style/hairdo/tattoo" (I'm focusing on physical qualities because stopping someone you don't know to compliment them on their personality might be a little weird... P.S.
If you can't trust any of your friends, I can imagine they make fun of your hobbies and interests, they play the kind of "pranks" on you where they tell you a party is a dress-up instead of fancy dress, or they just leave you out of things and don't tell you important things you ought to be told by friends.
If this kind of thing is true, then whether or not they're bad or toxic people, they don't deserve your consideration, because they're using you for entertainment.
I like the hair and the nose a lot, I have always had a hard time with drawing noses, and I think your drawing has a very "clean" look to it.
even though your proportions are slightly off with the mouth, every little quirk will become you as you grow with your drawings.
take your style of drawing hair.
do all of your pictures of people have hair drawn the same way, with parallel lines?
maybe a slightly disproportionate mouth is your mark too.
for example, if drawing hair the way you do in this pic is your "style", don't change it.
you might have less defined outlines and more defined shadows under the eyes and nose.
So, again, it's all about just keeping your chin up in the face of adversity.
Find new places to go out and let your winning personality shine brightly.
Keep your chin up!
When you are ready join the great people over at / to help figure out where your money is going and / to make the most of your money on hand.
And stop listening to the bullshit in your head.
Nobody and nothing can take away your happiness if you choose to not give it up.
I don't know your full financial situation but take a moment and join the folks over at / and / to help make the most of the money you have and figure out ways to make your life a little less stressful with more breathing room.
Buuuuuuut...in order for your studies to slip, you had to be getting some kind of grades in the first place, and in order for you to have friends (even meanies like those), you were friendly and cool enough to hang out with at one time!
No matter the consequence, you're a good person and that needs to count for something in your eyes.
Keep your head up high and keep going.
That's not to say that they wont still hold a special place in your heart but people are constantly in flux - somebody else will come along and play that same role in your life.
You've got an amazing girl, people who care, are a sexy guy, and kick ass at literally anything you want to.
Because you are a special kind of fuckup, a master of manipulation, a charmer, a Damn genius.
Well you were, now all you can do is drink and feel a fear so dark and deep it barely gives you a heart attack every second of everyday while hiding from the world that is literally begging you to kick it's ass Go fuck yourself you worthless piece of shit.
Once you open your mouth to speak it'll all melt away leaving just confidence.
The mom's body language completely changed and a few minutes later you could hear the kid laughing while her mom talked to her calmly and quietly.
Years from now you will look back and this moment and smile at how far you have come and be proud of what you accomplished to get there.
Dude.. You have great eyes, great lips, nice jaw too!
You also have a kind face and look approachable.
One suggestion I have is to grow out your hair a bit and style it for extra points :)
The kind that you talk about things like your interests and how the two of you could meet up later for coffee.
You're very attractive and you look great with the beard.
Your beard is also pretty full looking for not having to have grown it out super far.
Your glasses are fucking dope and I want to run my fingers through your beard in a completely platonic way.
You know that your mind and heart aren't fully in school at the moment, that you're kinda just going through the motions.
You seem like a genuinely interesting guy and seem to take pride and put effort into your appearance.
you're eyes are fantastic, your hair is so pretty when it frames your face, your nose is adorable....
I'm not sure why you "have" to send the compliments to girls you've never met, but try to tailor your compliments to their personalities and pictures if you have them.
You're so smart, funny, fun, exciting.... and use information you know about them to back that up.
You have great hair
I love the shape of your eyes :)
your eyebrows are nice :D
I`d love to see you smile.
You have beautiful eyes.
I have no idea what this sub is but I like your eye brows.
I like the way your hair color matches the color of the dress
You have gorgeous eyes
If you can treat yourself to something like a new perfume or new shoes or something.
I've put on all the weight I lost..." So, what you're saying is, you were kicking ass and life decided to up the difficulty level on you.
You know how to lose weight because you've done it successfully in the past.
Also, your smile is amazing :D
You gots a pretty smile.
Also I like your eyes.
That's all I got for free, the rest you have to pay with another smile ;)
Enjoy your night and keep smiling!
You have such a lovely smile!
I have to agree with the previous commenter, you have kind eyes.
Look at all the amazing motivation you've had to get out there and do something vs sit on your ass and cry (my current stage).
You dress phresh as fuck man
Even from the thumbnail one could tell you have a nice smile and kind eyes.
And you have a very convincing smile :)
You are very cute and have a charming smile :)
Hey hon, I went through your post history, and I gotta say, you have a really nice body!
You may have seen [another one of my posts here](I think what brings happiness is entirely unique to each individual.
Your body is just a container for your soul.
The love and light that your soul has the capacity for is as vast and infinite as your imagination.
* Also as a side note, I saw a couple of your past posts, and I saw that you have a VERY beautiful body.
You look like you'd be great to hang out with while indulging in some kind of mutual interest.
You have a lovely smile!
Holy shit I love your hair
I think your facial is hair is pretty damn awesome man!
it looks like you've got nice eyebrows, long eyelashes, almond-shaped eyes and a nice red color to your lips.
It's pretty full, you could probably pull off one of those giant yosemite Sam mustaches that is waxed up at the ends.
Your hair is a work of art.
And your stache is on fucking point
You have an adorable laughing face and an adorable smile :) and good taste in movies
your mustache itself is kissable , how about the whole you !?
I love your eyes and a great smile.
Holy shit your complexion is like...
I would kill someone for such beautiful porcelain skin omg Edit: and on second look your eyebrow shape is fucking amazing.
Your smiles are infectious.
You have great hair, and you look smart and kind.
Also, your nose is so darn cute!
Your glasses are super awesome by they way and you have sweet eyes
If Helen could set loose a thousand warships, then your face would be the end of the world.
You have bright eyes and you look like you would be fun to hang out with!
You're cute :) you have a really soft face haha I'm sorry your day wasn't great.
There's a charm to your eyes and smirk that says here is a man who knows what he is about.
You have gorgeous eyes.
That bow-tie and hair make you look dapper as fuck.
I hope you can find a way to move on and find your happiness again, and I think you deserve someone who can give you the love and stability you deserve.
I think it goes well with your well trimmed beard and hair.
That being said, you have lovely eyes, and a face that looks like it'd hold a great smile.
Hold your head up.
Your shirt is rad, you have a nice smile, and you look really good with short hair.
The hoodie obviously doesn't appeal to the general audience, but you're dressing for your peer group / target audience, and I expect they like the look (I do, too, but I'm just a creepy old guy).
and there is something about your face that says you are stronger and more confident about yourself than you are feeling today.
Look at that flawless skin and you have an adorable face.
Your skin looks smoother than a babies butt and your eyes are so bright and beautiful.
Honestly I would buy contacts the color of your eyes.
your eyes are stunning and your skin is goals.
try not to let your weight demoralize your validity as a person, if you wanna change it, you can definitely work towards a goal and i believe that you can do it!
I understand that gaining a lot of weight can impact your self-esteem, but if you can manage to feel good about yourself, it won't matter so much what others think.
For what it's worth, I think you have a pretty face.
You are cute, and if you prefer to lose some weight, then you'll be cute AND in shape.
You have very pretty eyes and clear skin.
Damn, you have a nice face.
Whoa, you are really handsome and you definitely don't look like a stereotypical nerd...This is a bit weird but I have a thing for eyebrows and yours are great.
You have a lovely smile!
You look so dapper and I love your shaggy hair!
You look very adorable and seem to have a good sense of humor after your roast.
You look just like one of my friends except he has really curly hair
The kind of person I'd wanna play video games and smoke weed with (if that's not your thing, that's totally fine too, haha).
I usually don't like short hair but you pull it off really well.
I'm so jealous of your hair.
The perfect happiness you seek, is the happiness that already lies inside, and it's yours whenever you claim it.
You have nice tits.
You have a cute nose.
your skin is flawless!!!!
Your hair is beautiful, you must take good care of it.
It might just be the flash, but I think that you're shining ;) In all seriousness though, you can be a model with this face.
Your cheeks are so cute!
You also have beautiful eyes.
Sometimes haircuts have to grow on you and I think this one will totally grow on her :) *even now it looks super cute to me btw, just had to share my anecdote!
Well, to start off you have a very classic kind of attractiveness.
Everything about your face is aesthetically pleasing, from the level of symmetry, to your complexion, to the scruff you got going on there.
I can tell from this picture that when you shave your face you don't suffer from babyface syndrome, which is part of having that sort of classical man beauty.
You also appear well-groomed and the amount of arm hair you have leads me to believe that you have just the right amount of body hair.
You also have some serious puppy-eyes and very nice lips!
It's a hard balance for men to have such full and dark lips without looking odd, like they are wearing lipstick, but you manage to pull it off like a champ.
You can sure as heck grow a better beard than me.
How do you keep the cheeks clean?
You look like you are on the verge of smiling!
Honestly seeing your picture made me smile!
I love your eyes and your lip color.
You rock that fierce hair, and your brows are on FLEEK.
You look absolutely beautiful without makeup!
Girl, you have some really deep eyes, it makes me want to talk about a lot of dumb and smart things and just watch you laugh and smile.
I love your hair.
i really like your hairstyle, it compliments your face well.
You are stunning, keep your head up.
And I saw your comments on other posts, you are so kind and have a beautiful heart &lt;3
Something about the way you smile makes me feel better.
Stay strong and keep your head up.
And it's surprising that a handsome guy like you would feel lonely.. something in your face reminds me of David Tennant and that makes me instantly like you.
You have a giant wonderful smile that makes me want to smile, and you might be the only guy I've ever seen that could be described as dapper.
Keep on growing that hair, don't you dare cut it.
Your eyes are incredible.
You have a really sweet looking face :) I hope everything is okay with you, and I hope you have a merry Christmas.
Keep smiling, you have a wonderful smile!
As / said, you really have a great smile, keep that up and you will find someone to make you not so single
Your eyes are wonderful, and so are you.
I really love your smile and your cheeks are to die for!
Your nose is adorable, too.
You have such lovely skin.
It doesn't look like you are wearing any makeup, but your skin is so smooth!
You are totally adorable, have a sweet face, and the way your hair slightly curls in the back is lovely.
Bet you have a winning smile
I love the way your hair looks!
I wrote this limerick for you to see On your request for positivity You have a beautiful smile And your cute hair is wild And i wish to you a lovely '16
Here you are in your time of need With a pumpkin or bread or large type of seed Your face is seductive And your attitudes productive So enjoy all the compliments you see
Also you have beautiful hair.
Your blonde hair is thick And i am quite lit I hope you do feel That you make girls squeal When you put them on your dick
You have a lovely face :)
Never lose your smile, or else the world will lose your unique brand of light.
You have such pretty eyes!
You are super cute, and have a lovely face :) and I love your hair, I think it's a great length!
As a lady with much shorter hair than yours I admire your dedication to growing your hair out.
They rapidly get worse and will cause you to cut off a lot more hair later.
You have a super cute smile.
I would totally run my hands through your hair or something.
Busting your ass day in and day out just to be told that it's not good enough.
Well, I know how hard it is to get out of that frame of mind, but you are seriously adorable.
You have nice skin &amp; really nice eyes.
You look genuinely chuffed about something, your smile reaches your eyes, and that color combo works for you.
You have a happy, friendly face !
You have nice eyes!
You have a ruggedly handsome face, like a Daniel Craig type vibe going on.
i don't see anything wrong with you ,i really like your face , nice hair and lips , very handsome man.
Keep your chin up; it's certainly not a looks problem, I agree with one of the other commenters that you've got a Daniel Craig/ruggedly handsome face, and if you're on this sub-Reddit there's got to be goodness/kindness in you.
You are very handsome and I agree that you have nice eyes.
You look bad ass in that dude
You have a great looking face..
It's a wonderful addition to your face.
There will be girls who like your beard/long hair... but ALL girls like short hair with a clean shaven face.
Your septum piercing is really cool!!
Gorgeous, and you should write a tutorial on how to get that eye, I'm sure people drive themselves trying to achieve that look!
The race isn't over yet, you seem to be very ahead of most people your age (or of any age, for that matter), and people in your age group just may not appreciate how wonderful you are.
You have a sweet, quirky smile.
You have magnificent facial hair.
Your beard is so damn majestic!
You have really wonderful lips
That has nothing to do with anything, but if you take those numbers and add them, they conveniently result in the number I would rate your smile and surrounding beautiful face, out of ten.
I hope happiness only takes it's rest in an effort to refresh your appreciation of it.
Well it's amazing you have boy problems when you have a smile as radiant as that!
Your hair is amazing!
Seen enough joint injuries in my family, it's all about exercises to get back your strength, flexibility, and *confidence* in your body.
You have such lovely, happy eyes!
Your eyes are smiling.
You're really cute, you seem like the kind of person who i'd feel safe and comfortable around, while having a good time.
Nobody would ever see anything but your eyes, they're really beautiful
Your eyes and hair are amazing!
I didn't even notice anything wrong with your skin!
I know people have already brought up your eyes, but jeebus lord almighty those are some gorgeous peepers.
I want to compliment your eyes but honestly all of your features are nice.
:P Anyways you look really good and the acne could be WAY worse.
You seem lovely :) I think you are very pretty and your hair and eyes are great and I love your outfit.
keep rocking your stellar eyes and your pretty face.
Your eyes and face shape are perfect, and I would kill for your skin :P Not to mention your makeup game seems super on-point, you really know how to highlight your natural beauty.
I LOVE your cheeks and your eyes are so kind and warm.
And you do have a very nice figure so don't let that get you down!
You have really beautiful eyes, a cute smile and a really nice face.
It's the only reason I can think of as to why you might feel insecure, and if so then I would not have noticed if I hadn't been studying your face.
i really like your hair
I think you know that we will love you no matter how grumpy you are, and give you all the head scritches and snuggles you can stand, if you're that kind of cat.
I like your eyes :).
I like your hair!
Your beard is very majestic!
You'll set your shoulders, square your rig, grip, set and hoist!
You look like a kind soul who is probably a pot of fun to be around.
Follow your heart, for everything is possible in this world.
/, you're gorgeous and your hair is perfect.
You have insanely nice skin!
You have beautiful round blue eyes.
I see nothing out of the norm except your beautiful blue eyes.
Your eyes are stunning.
Thank you for the kind responses.
The kind you keep for life.
As a fellow artist, I just want to say that a) Your work is absolutely beautiful and b) the amount of heart and effort you put into your craft is very clear.
Even if you can't figure a release out, you have all these high quality recordings of good songs that shows what you can do.
You're gorgeous, I may not know you but I know you're strong enough to keep your head up and move forward, be positive, be confident!
obviously, your eyes are gorgeous but you also have really soft looking hair.
You are, who you are fam &lt;3 You know yourself, your life, and what your mind and body need to feel healthy better than other people truly can.
Your face is charming, you are beautiful!
As for your personality, I can't say a thing because I don't know you.
Be strong, even on a rough day, keep your head up high.
They look cute on your face :D My goodness, you look so young!
You've got all the time in the world to figure out not what others like about you, but what you like about you.
And your hair looks legitimately luxurious.
Smile and show some confidence; you have reason to!
You're healthy, young, you have long luscious hair and you have clear skin.
Thank you for your kind words c:
And you have a great jawline and stubble, you could be Batman haha
You have really beautiful eyes, your cheekbones are also very cute, and your smile makes you look like a jokester!
Go for the full beard while you are at it.
Your hair is great as well; I can tell you put a lot of work into it and it shows.
I love your hair.
your eyes are soooo pretty too, you should unleash the from your bangs.
I used to be a shampoo girl at a high end salon, and your hair would have been great to shampoo.
They suit your face shape really well.
You have a beautiful smile!
Your teeth are perfectly sized for your head and I envy that!
I love your hair &gt;///&lt;
You give off a kind yet sorta punky do-your-own-thing vibe.
You have very nice skin :)
you got a bitchin haircut and is that a fucking giraffe behind you
You look like a friendly person who cares a lot about others :) And you've got nice hair!
No one complimented your hair enough!
I get the vibe that you're incredibly funny, plus your hair is beautiful!!
You have really nice hair, it's such a pretty colour.
You have really nice eyes too.
You're so heavenly pretty, you're like an angel I just want to tie you down and make you sniff my butt hole
You've got a kinda cheeky look about you that i really like, i bet you've got a smile that would light up a whole room.
You look like the kind of guy that would be able to blow my mind with your ability to remember crazy interesting facts.
The kind of guy that I would want as a study partner in school because you are always able to understand material easily and explain it in a way that make it easier for me to understand.
With sideburns like that, the blood of your enemies shall soak the earth.
Also, your face has great horizontal and vertical symmetry.
Your face length ratio is nearly ideal.
I'm so jealous of your hair.
I love your hair :)
You have very beautiful eyes!
You have a wonderful smile, and your hair is great!
I love your lips and your eyes :)
You look like you care about your appearance, and you're very pretty~.
Also, your hair is awesome, I like the color!
I love your makeup!
Your makeup is fantastic!
Nothing wrong with your appearance mate.
WOW your makeup is fantastic!
Your makeup looks great and you're just good-looking in general!
Your makeup is BOSS.
Your hair really reallllly complements your eyes!
Everyone noticed your boobs, no one said anything.
That shirt is a great colour choice, makes your eyes really pop.
Your hair looks amazing, you like the type that I'd probably ask for help on the street from.
Your hair looks so soft too.
Your face is symmetrical and your features are fairly proportional.
You also made a decent choice with the style of frame for your glasses, they complement your face quite well!
You have seriously beautiful hair; I love the colour and it's really thick and luscious.
To be completely honest, a girl with your kind of hair will always turn my head on the streets.
Your eyes are memorizing!
Each morning you get to wake up, open your eyes, and take a breath is a gift.
You seem like a nice person with a sense of humor.
Beaming like the sun, hope you stay that way forever :D. Also, damn, I'd love to have your hair.
Plus you have cool hair and nice white teeth.
You seem happy too, keep smiling!
Basic breakdown, you're a good looking smart dude and from your comment history I also see that you're anti-Hitler (at least in the NSA's eyes, good on ya for that down vote) so you've got that going for ya.
Get the fuck out of here with your handsome face.
Ah, you made me smile!
Not that you need to be muscular to get a girl or guy, but sometimes lifting weights will give you a confidence boost.
Your overall feeling about your appearance will improve when you see you body changing due to hard work.
Dont worry bout your race.
Go on, you deserve it, give yourself an old fashioned pat on the back :)
You have the sweetest face and I'm totally jealous of your bangs.
You broke up because he needs to figure things out for himself.
And you will figure things out for yourself (even if you think you've already figured them out, you haven't, nobody has).
Don't rely on other people for your own happiness.
Let go of it all and follow your heart.
Dont let fear stop you from following your heart.
If you dont feel happy somewhere its your heart sending you a message to go somewhere else till your on the right direction.
You have beautiful eyes and really nice frames.
You have a wonderful complexion, and your hair looks so soft!
you have really great skin.
You got yourself in frame and everything
In the teeth of these stupefying odds it is you and I, in our ordinariness, that are here.We privileged few, who won the lottery of birth against all odds, how dare we whine at our inevitable return to that prior state from which the vast majority have never stirred?” Richard Dawkins
I really like your hair!
Your eyes are so beautiful &lt;3
I'm a hetero dude so I won't wax lyrical of your dreamy features, that strong jawline.... Ah where was I?
I'm sorry about the heartbreak but I'm sure you will find someone to melt for you with those adorable puppy-dog eyes.
You've got bomb ass looks that'll get you far.
You have that smile that makes hearts melt and I can just tell you'd be a guy worth being around.
You have a beautiful smile, and I love the way your hair falls around your face :) sorry you've had a rough week, but things will get better, hon
You have wonderfully clear even skin, bright eyes and a friendly smile - all traits many would be super jealous about.
Also you have awesome eyebrows, but that's a weird compliment isn't it :P If only you could see yourself the way everyone else does, you'd realize you have nothing to worry about!
Do something that makes you feel pretty - wear something you love, paint your nails, use a nice perfume, take a bubble bath.
If you can get over the dressing, there's some decent short-hand science: So when you're feeling overwhelmed and like your mind is trying to eat you alive, it could help to say to yourself: "it isn't really me, it's just my brain."
I love your hair and your glasses are really cute on you!
Your body isn't your only value of worth.
I'm sorry, that's awful he didn't explain why or give you a heads up.
I bet tons of restaurants could use someone with your kind of experience.
Do you have any old games you can put on Craigslist to make up for what you body bought?
I don't mean to come off as minimizing your hurt, I can't imagine what you're going through, but you will come out the other side of this and the race isn't over yet.
I love your hair color!
It goes so well with your eyes :) I'm sure the views will come soon, my dear
My goodness, you have wonderfully deep eyes.
Keep your chin up, and keep on keepin' on, beautiful!
You have gorgeous eyes, and I love your hair!
Your hair color is very nice.
It goes very well with your great looking eyes as well.
As trite as it might sound (it's still true) your beauty comes from the inside - your inner strength, honesty, love, integrity, courage, health, happiness, confidence, etc.
You'll be regarded as beautiful through those qualities that shine through your physical appearance.
From what I can tell from the picture, you have good skin and teeth, and a Nordic look to your features and coloring.
You have bright and engaging eyes.
Your hair also looks super soft!
Smile more, I can tell by your eyes that they would light up if you smiled :) Best of luck to you!
You made it past the stressful summer and you can still smile!
You're freaking gorgeous and I love your hair.
Your face reminds me of my boyfriend's :)
You have beautiful eyes!
I LOVE a man in glasses, and these frame your face so well and make your gorgeous eyes stand out.
You also have a kind face.
Your facial hair is badass, and you're a handsome dude!
Im sure you are going to attract someone better who has a better heart than your ex.
Do you like your nose?
When it comes to considering changing your body's appearance for cosmetic reasons, hold your own opinion in high regard.
You're really beautiful :) don't listen to those bitches telling you you need a nose job, they're just jealous!
I wanna get to know you off that pic, you seem sweet and fun.. your nose is cute, whoever told you that is fucking with your mind straight up probably out of jealousy.
keep your head up
Your eyes and eyebrows are fantastic.
And you have a nice smile btw.
i love how you're styling your hair!
it makes it look like there's a ton, and the tall style of it really accents your slim face.
if you ever feel a lack of confidence when you're back at uni, just try rolling your shoulders back and smiling!
the act of smiling naturally releases a burst of serotonin and dopamine, so even if you feel weird at first, you'll feel great!
your hair looks dope dude.
Your eyes are absolutely beautiful!
You make that dress look killer!
Lose weight if you want, but honestly you look great and guys like a little meat on the bones.
You are super cute, love the dress.
Everyone is saying you don't need to lose weight and honestly that's at least partially true.
But I would recommend using a BMI chart/Body Fat % chart that tell you if you are obese/overweight/normal/skinny/whatever the medical terms are for the less than normal weights.
Use that and aspire to continue losing weight to ensure that you at least fall in the normal category.
Calories in &lt; calories out means you will lose weight guaranteed, but don't overkill the difference and make sure you're still getting everything your body needs in the process!
If your personality were only half as beautiful as you are, you'd still be an absolute treasure to know.
Your eyes are fantastic, dude, you're partying with the wrong people.
Your eyes are beautiful.
You have a really nice jawline :)
Your facial hair is trimmed very neatly and suites you :)
:) I think you look really beautiful, and your smile is stunning in all of those pictures.
You're beautiful :) your lips are perfect
I'm not sure your smile could get any cuter!
It's not like we'll be insincere :) I really like your face, you remind me of one of my favorite uncles!
You make me smile!
I would say that whatever your problems are, they're not because of your appearance.
LPT: Don't ask people to punch you in the face.
You have gorgeous hair btw
And despite the blur of the picture, your eyes look like they have a lot of light and love in them.
You're cute - but you might need an updated haircut.
The only thing that's ugly is your ex Co workers personality.
Keep your head high, you deserve better and will find better :)
You deserve to be around people who value you and are kind and caring because you are wonderful and deserve respect and kindness!
I can't see your face too well, but you're pretty attractive.
Change the hair if you want, or not.
You totally have that gleam of internal strength in your eyes that tells me you'll accomplish what you set out to do.
Go get yourself a little bit of trouble though...not real trouble, just the "extra cheese" kind of trouble...and don't give the haters any of your cheese.
Your hair is on point, man!
I love your hair and your eyes.
You have the kind of eyes someone could get lost in.
Looks like you can dress, nice smile, and looks like you been lifting so you been taking positive step to work on you.
Also your hair has a nice rich color and curls are always nice.
You have a young face, so I am going to make an assumption that you are also still a pretty young guy.
You have narrow piercing eyes, great lips, amazing hair, and a handsome face :) The only reason I could think of for you to not have a date is that maybe you haven't tried very hard :p
You look like the kind of person I could have a beer and discuss philosophy.
That big bow in your hair is a really cute accessory!
Not just the face, but the hair, that shirt, even just that look in your eyes.
If you don't mind me saying, it's not weight, it's tone.
When the reality is that if you toned up at the weight you're at, or even gained a little bit of weight because muscle is denser than fat, you can look great even if the scale number is greater than 95# - 42 kg.
Alternatively, if you wanted to hold off and figure out what kind of person you'd really want to be with, all you need to do is take this time to focus on bettering yourself.
You've got pleasant features and from what I can tell, without seeing a full body shot you're quite attractive and you wear your makeup wonderfully!
Gorgeous hair, adorable cheeks, stunning eyes, AND working hard on creating your best/healthiest body...I am very proud of you.
Your face, hair, and eyes are killing me, btw.
You have great eyes, cute cheeks, and a button nose.
You look like a disney princess, and you still look great with no makeup!
I switched from chemistry to a theatre major this past year, so I know what it feels like to have the odds against you in the face of your dreams.
You have very intense and deep eyes.
For what its worth, you're very pretty and I love your hair, it makes you stand out.
You got some pretty eyes.
I love your hair color and your eyes are gorgeous.
You have really beautiful eyes.
If your eyes reflect anything of the rest of you, then you're a mesmerising person someone would love to get lost with.
your eyes look amazing.
Actually your entire face is gorgeous :)
I seriously love your hair, it looks awesome.
You have amazing eyes.
I love your nose ring and i think your hair is perfect.
If you think that that you need to kick your own ass and have your (still amazingly beautiful) eyes checked because you are not in the least bit fat.
Just enjoy being the wonderful and soulfull (gorgeous eyes dont lie) person you are.
You are so pretty and your face is so expressive, it shows what a lovely fun person you are.
You're not old, and even so, a face like yours will be attractive even in your seventies!
You have pretty eyes, very deep and thoughtful.
You seem intelligent, and have awesome hair!
You look like a sweetheart and your blue eyes and reddish hair is awesome!
I love your eyes, and your hair!
Oh my god your eyes are beautiful!
Your eyes are amazing!
😊 I like your eyes, too.
You got nice tits!
You have a very nice smile :-D I also think that dress looks quite fetching on you!
I think that you are quite pleasing to the eyes.
I'm going to not even mention how absolutely stunning you are from a visual stand point, because while those might be nice words, they probably won't give you a reason to smile for more than just a second.
So smile, even if it's just because some stranger on the internet wanted to let you know that even though life can be rough, or tough at times, it's also amazing and wonderful and beautiful.
You have beautiful eyes, are all around very pretty.
I bet you look gorgeous while smiling.
I might be biased as i have the same hair color and eye color as you but it's truly stunning!
What color do you use for your eyebrows?
It makes you look amazing and I've been having a horrible time finding a good eyebrow pencil color.
I love everything, but your smile is one of the best I've seen!
I love your hair!
You have such a lovely smile.
That smile and the shape of your eyes, so lovely!
drippyykitkat I would have you convinced for life that you are beautiful, just marry me and I'll tell you every morning when we wake up and open or eyes.
From those vibrant eyes, pretty soft skin and gorgeous hair (I'm a sucker for a pretty redhead) you'd probably catch me staring if you walked by.
Your hairline is solid!
 your sister has a good eye for portraits.
You have awesome hair, first of all.
Then, while editing the picture and seeing your face look brighter, I couldn't help but thing that you're seriously good looking!
You have a face that has character and isn't forgettable.
I like how a little bit of your personality is showing through your smile too.
:) you have a very pretty and kind face.
I LOVE your hair!
I like your smile.
Wow... You certainly **are** a reason to smile for so many people (yeah, I won't mention those eyes and hair... neither the fact that my damned heart definitely skipped a beat even before someone said it, lol).
You have the most wonderful smile I've seen in a while, and while I can't see them very well from this pic, I'm sure you have gorgeous eyes as well.
Because yes you are honestly lovely and look like a creative, witty girl who would whip someone's ass in WOW.
Don't wait till the last fucking minutes to realize how short and precious this life is; way too short to waste it needlessly crushing your soul via some dumbass online insecurity generator.
You have a unique style, beautiful eyes, a sexy smile and great bone structure.
You have a good facial structure, clear complexion, and beautiful eyes.
Sites like that are often run in partnership with makeup companies and I would be shocked if you turned adblocker off if you don't see ads for products promising to make you look better.
Your bangs are so nice and I love your hair color paired with those glasses.
Have you seen your eyes?
You have a very pretty face :) No question about that.
I love your eyes!
Are your eyelashes real?
You have lovely eyes and a very welcoming smile.
PS, I like your hair.
If I could I'd share with you the food I can't eat because I got my wisdom teeth removed.
I know more than a few guys who would kill for your facial hair.
You have such lovely skin.
One person commenting on your facial hair isn't enough, you're really rocking it.
You have nice, clear, smooth skin.
You look like the kind of guy I'd like to have over at a party.
Even the worst day you've ever had probably included a few good things that happened -even if they were just small things like enjoying a good cup of coffee or hearing a joke that made you smile.
You have such kind eyes.
You have beautiful eyes.
Your boss was obviously jealous of your handsome face.
Even if your beard doesn't grow high on your cheeks (like mine,) it'll probably look awesome!
You sound like a good kind hearted person.
You're clever, and you know it with that cockeyed grin.
You have a strong jawline and a chiseled chin.
You have wonderfully blue eyes!
I hope you can find some peace and happiness tomorrow!!
You have big beautiful eyes.
I'd want you to put a hand on my shoulder and give me some affirmation that I'm doing alright - it'd mean more coming from a father figure who's weathered some shit in his day.
Keep your chin up!
Your facial hair is rad!
I always think about going out and doing something balls to the wall crazy awesome like that, but always find I have something much more mundane that makes me unable to, like getting my ass through college and having a negative bank balance because of it, so congrats dude, super jealous you're doing all the cool shit I wish I could go do, and you should be very impressed with yourself!
your hair is thick af, bro.
Head up and cheers to your future!
You have awesome hair!!
What kind of stuff are you into?
People who care about you are definitely proud :) Keep your head up!
Keep your chin up and have a Happy Thanksgiving
keep your head up, you got this.
The bows are awesome but your smile is beautiful, seriously!
I think your face is very interesting.
You have beautiful eyes!
You look like the kind of person who I can just relax with and not feel pressured to do anything that would require me to leave the house.
You have a nice smile :)
It's been a rough month ***Edit***: Thank you all for your kindness.
I bet when you smile, like legit enjoy someone's company smile, they light up.
You should smile more.
Sorry to hear about your day, and despite the bit of tiredness in your eyes, you, your smile, and your eyes are gorgeous!
I'd kill for your hair man, my hair gets wavy and a bit mental.
Hopefully this funk only lasts a little while, you are so much more than worthy of happiness.
Keep your head up, stay confident, and know that everything will get better :)
You have such a warm face and lovely smile!
You look like an affable dude with a genuine grin.
Awesome bows and your smiles cheered me up :)
Your eyes are incredibly beautiful!
I like your swishy hair :D
I think a smile would warm your face up a lot!
Reddit was right man, you have a great complexion and most women would certainly find you attractive.
Edt: Also wanted to mention I envy your haircut, I have calics that prevent me from making my hair look anything like that.
You smiled with your eyes.
Plus your eyes are so beautiful.
Chin up :) what are you studying?
You will land on your feet!
Your hair has such good volume!
This picture just made me so happy, your smile is infectious!
Your eyes are absolutely hypnotic
Your cheeks are so cute and joyous, Like your smile just makes me smile omg.
You have such a happy cute face I can't stop.
Seriously I can't click away your face is so beautiful and happy.
Your hair is incredible.
I know people who would do anything to have your hair.
You have awesome teeth!
It sounds cheesy but it honestly brought tears to my eyes reading some of these beautiful compliments and offers of support and I really want to thank you all for what you do.
I definitely like your hair, I would definitely keep that hair style, looks dope.
Your hair is absolutely fucking beautiful, and you have a very nice smile.
You have a cute chin!
Your makeup is fantastic and your shirt is cool&lt;3
Your eyes are beautiful.
I love how you smile with them!
;) We all feel rejected sometimes, just try not to let it go to your head.
Strong face and eyebrows and your hair looks really soft and nice.
You seem like the kind of guy who could fix a problem with the snap of your fingers
You have incredibly entrancing eyes.
Regret that I wasn't there to be your best friend as we discovered the world, got into adventures, had each other's backs, crush on each other until the day we decide that we are simply unable to exist without one another.
your smile made me smile so thats something haha
Holy moly your makeup is on point!
You are so, so talented at makeup, and are such a beautiful model for the artwork.
I am going to assume that you have the personality to suit it.
Your eyes are really super pretty.
Also you have some killer lips OP, I'd kill for full lips like that, jk...maybe.
You have a strong body and delecate facial features.
You wont take long to find another with a face like that
Girl your makeup skills are on POINT.
Between that and your hair, you definitely have real style!
We're better for having your sexy motherfuckin' ass around.
You look like someone who can face a lifetimes worth of adversity and power through it with a smile on your face.
Like this is a serious question, but how are your eyes not classified as a weapon?
You have gorgeous eyes.
Also your brow and lash game?
Those feelings remind you that you're alive and you have a heart and you care and you believe in things and you've got a lot of self worth and you're moving forward and you're fucking amazing for that.
Dude, coming from another black guy, your hairline is IMMACULATE.
Your looks are NOT the problem, cause you are mighty handsome, and you look like you have a really nice body.
Like your hair btw!
You have beautiful eyes!!
Your lips are the perfect shape.
You make me feel better about having brown eyes, because yours are so soft and inquisitive.
Looking through your profile, I can tell that you like to help others, and that you're not afraid to jump into a theological or philosophical conversation, but you seem to do it with an open mind and a good heart.
With a smile like that I'm sure you'll give your seat mate great company!
It's a still image, but your smile is so warm and I imagine you'd have a very animated face.
Your hair is a beautiful colour.
I really love your hair and your beardscruff.
You look like a kind soul just waiting to share that happiness with the world, and I'm so sorry that this has happened to you.
Also your eyebrows are like super cute.
Your eyes and that dress go together better than chocolate and ice cream.
Is that your natural hair color?
You have the most beautiful smile.
You're so beautiful wow I love your hair!
Your makeup is perfect, your skin is *glowing*, your hair is vibrant enough to catch fire, your eyes are full of soul, and your Saturn(?)
Your eyes are striking!
Keep your head up, and think of how awesome you are, and how awesome and fluffy duckies are if you get down.
I love your hair and your dimples awww you're just such a cutie.
You have lovely eyes.
I know appearance compliments are one-sided but you definitely look like you're more than meets the eye (: nice necklace too
Your smile is contagious!
Your eyes and beard are absolutely brilliant.
I bet you have a great smile too
You got some damn good skin bro, I've been fighting acne for years.
You've got such an infectious smile, it's hard to look at you and not beam.
honestly your hair and makeup is slaying me
You are a beautiful ass bitch no matter what.
I really like your hair color!
We've got your back.
Your smile is beautiful.
Love the hair color it can be hard to pull off red but it suits you so well!
Try not to stress about it so much as figure out what you like doing.
You're so cute, and you have such pretty eyes and your eyebrows are absolutely on point
Girl with those eyes how can everything you see not be stunning?
Bruh you're messy hair says I don't care, but your formal attire says I clean up real good.
You have a warm smile and lovely eyeballs.
When people ask you how your thanksgiving was, you can brag about all the cool shit you did and saw while they were probably home all day sitting on their asses lol
Let me just say, as a 25 year old straight male, that you have absolutely mesmerizing eyes.
Smile at me with words" This is amazing, you have a great way of putting a sentence together that speaks of how we should all love.
I'm keeping it it's far better) Your hair IS amazing, but with words like that I'm pretty sure you bring more to the world than great hair.
You have such a pretty smile, too :)
I can't tell much about you from pictures, but you have a lovely smile.
Figure out what you want out of life and go get it.
What kind of music do you like to play?
and I bet even cuter when you smile :)
You look like you take good care of yourself and have nice hair :)
Your hair is awesome and you're really handsome!
not sure whats stronger, your sidechop or eyebrow game.
Keep your head up my man
You have very kind eyes.
Your smile is contagious, by the way.
Keep your head up man, you look like a sharp dude and I'm 100% sure your break is coming if you keep at it!
I bet you are the kind of friend every one goes to when they need a shoulder and advice.
I like your smile, it's very reassuring and caring.
I love your hair!
You look sassy, and fun, and you look gorgeous whether dressed as a woman or as a man, which is easier said than done!
I like your haircut, it suits your face :).
And you have a lovely smile!
You have very appealing eyebrows.
You look like a very nice person, I can just see that in your face :) you've got love from all of us.
What's on your left shoulder?
Your eyes are a gorgeous color!
I love your freckles.
You have such a nice smile!
And I'm in love with your brows!
You have gorgeous skin.
I really like your hair, it looks full and is well styled.
I smiled when I saw your smile.
While so many people are complaining about family time this weekend you clearly hold them close to your heart and they're lucky to have you.
Second I wish I wish I wish I had the long nail beds that you do.
Your eyeliner wings are perfect, you look amazing dressed as either gender, and your cats are pretty darn cute.
And you have a nice butt.
I especially like your pink paisley tie and that white dress with red flowers.
And thank you to each and every one of you who took time to send me such warmth and kindness when I needed a boost.
If you know the cause of the addiction then face it head on.
You're eyes are auch a great shade of brown, you can really lose yourself in them!
You have friendly eyes too!
I would love to see you smile!
This selfie of you shows me that although you are going through tough times, you can power through, stay positive, and keep your head up high!
If you keep smiling like that, I'm sure everything will turn out great for you!
You have great eyes and positive thoughts go a long way.
OP, you have a wonderful smile and you look like a genuinely nice person (I can see it in your eyes).
You can get there — it sounds like you're paying kindness forward and the world will come through with some for you soon.
Hope this &amp; your personality help land you a supportive partner!
Your eyes are very beautiful, I really like how that sweatshirt brings out the color of them.
The fact you're going through a rough time and your post still has well wishes for others speaks volumes about your personality.
Your smile seems so real and your look is really cool!
You really have an honest smile.
I like people with laugh lines around the eyes, it shows you don't just put a fake smile on just right now!
Look at that twinkly smile on your mother's face!
Furthermore you have a handsome face and awesome hair.
If I needed a psychologist I would be so comforted by your smile!
You obviously have a big gentle heart.
Dam Son, you got some healthy looking skin!
Also, I bet your mom feels safe in your big arms.
I'll tell you where you fit in... the society of hot cool dudes with a sharp sense of style and a killer beard.
A genuine smile will draw people to you like moths to a flame and you've got that in spades.
I am going to remind you that you are more than just your physical appearance.
That blue color really illuminates your smile and your hair looks amazing!
You have a great smile and will finish your psychology degree.
Please keep holding on, you deserve happiness.
You look like you have a very kind heart!
I love the smile and the light in your eyes.
You're pretty, your hair is stunning and you obviously know how to dress well and your makeup is sublime!
You look fantastic in bright orange and you have lovely eyes.
Got a spark in your eyes which hints at a great character
You look absolutely gorgeous, love your makeup and cat ears.
And how you've done your hair is fantastic too!
Also, I like your piercings.
Your makeup is on point and you're smiling!
Your eyes are stunning, lady!
Keep your head up Fam!
Positive attitude and a smile will take you farther than you could ever imagine!!!
Keep your head up Fam!
Hey man, your hat/glasses/shirt all match better than I can match my left shoe and right shoe most days.
Your nose ring is so cool!
For example I'm sure from your big eyes, beautiful skin and style that many girls would like you.
You have great lips!
I know it can be really tough to even put into words the problems you're facing, because that means you have momentarily relive them.
Your beautiful smile shines!
There is so much life...so much intelligence in your eyes!!!
Would 100% ask you on a date if I saw you out and about, you have amazing eyes, cute lips, and a stunning hairstyle.
But you know what, it keeps making me smile, every time I read it.
You're young, keep your head up, you'll find your way!
You have awesome taste in glasses frames, a super friendly smile, and gorgeous hair.
I really like your hair, and idk what it is about this picture, but you seem very down to earth and approachable :)
I'm jealous that you already have pokemon moon :P. I wouldn't mope too much; I mean come on, you have a smile that can light up a room!
You piercings accent it really well too.
Also, I love your smile!
Sorry no one came over, but don't let it bring you down; you've got an adorable smile that could probably open up a whole world of friendships if you needed!
You are am amazing person and a strong soul to deal with people on such a difficult day!
You look so damn good with those glasses ..and your beard man 👌
Anyway, the point of the comment... Never let an asshole customer change your mood.
Keep smiling, keep doing the best you can because that is the expectation you have for yourself and not for anybody else.
Keep smiling, stay positive, and work on yourself to make yourself the best version of yourself you can.
Your beard game is on point.
That smile will get you very far in life.
Lots of people would want you now, *raises hand.
You have wonderful eyes &lt;3
Young man with that golden smile and string arms you can pick others up!
Be good to yourself you deserve some pats on the back.
Starting with the most obvious: you have my dream lip shape.
Would love to see your smile.
The complexion/proportions of your face are perfect, your sense of style is amazing and your eyebrows are just on point!
And while nobody is ever allowed to tell you to smile I bet you're really fun to be around when you allow yourself (or are mentally able to, because I'm not sure of any invisible illnesses you have besides maybe anxiety and/or depression) to laugh and have a good time.
Keep your head up.
And seriously, your smile is so infectious.
If I saw you smiling in real life it would make me smile too.
Seriously, look at yourself in the mirror with that smile and you could be confident all day long.
You look like the kind of person that I'd immediately want to be friends with, but be too shy to talk to.
Your hairstyle and glasses rock, and your eyebrows are *amazing*.
I think you have a classic, beautiful face.
If you ever need a lending ear you can PM me :=) Also, I really like your style, you seem like a fun and chill person.
I think that your hair brings everything together and it looks wonderful on you !
You've already accomplished so much, so keep your head up man!
I think your eyes are pretty actually.
My goodness you could be famous with that beautiful warm face!
Your teeth are perfect.
You have the face of a queen!
Bet your smile is amazing.
Your self belief sounds a bit low at the moment - you should back yourself one hundred percent.
Your makeup really enhances your gorgeous eyes, your glasses are perfect and you've got the "pretty hipster" thing down pat.
Also, a heart of gold will take you a long way.
Deep down inside your heart, you know you’re worth much more.
I know it sounds unbelievable but it'll arm you with a better sense of reality—what people really think of you—instead of all the negative assumptions you’ve cooked up in your head.
When you look at yourself in the mirror, through whose eyes is it?
Tell me, who made them powerful enough to dictate what is acceptable, beautiful, and appealing to your eyes?
Hold your head high!
I hope your low self esteem isn't over your appearance because you are gorgeous!
As someone with a lazy eye, I can tell you FOR CERTAIN people will stop giving a shit and you WILL be recognized for your beauty, inside and out.
You have lovely eyes, and gorgeous hair.
11/10 would kill for your hair and eyes.
I would like to echo a previous comment with the observation that you have the face of a queen.
You have a lovely oval shaped face, which conveys elegance.
The shape and nobility of your face makes me think of a renaissance painting.
Also your face has wonderful symmetry, and studies have shown that people with symmetrical features are perceived as more beautiful and attractive.
Your bone structure is aristocratically charming.
I wanna take a good sniff of your hair.
Your hair is really awesome.
I agree I bet your smile is awesome.
Your lips look succulent and your Cupid's Bow is divine.
Your eyebrows are naturally defined.
Your jaw, your cheeks, your forehead are already sculpted.
And your eye shape is a beautiful almond likeness.
And you have gorgeous skin!
You have really nice bone structure and your hair is gorgeous.
Your jawline could cut a bitch
I think you think your "lazy eye"" is far less noticeable than you imagine.
I promise you that you are more than just your eye.
not because you need makeup but because your lips are gorgeous and you should be drawing attention to your beautiful face!
You're going to be the shit one day and all those assholes that treated you like differently will realize how stupid they are!
I think that in addition to your happy smile, and beautiful curly hair you seem like a lot of fun.
The only thing missing from this photo is your smile!
I hope that you find happiness with yourself and in a relationship from these hardships.
You have absolutely beautiful eyes and your facial expression makes you look tough in a good way :p My apologies, I will edit this response when I'm more awake/not at 4am
As someone who also has a lazy eye and just got 30, I can tell you that nobody really cares.
Nobody really cares though, it's just a quirk, and once they get to know your personality, you'd think they don't even know about your eye.
Not just gorgeous like *that girl is gorgeous*, but gorgeous where my chest got all warm and fuzzy as soon as I saw your photo.
Your eyes are so mesmerizing that I'm constantly staring at them with my mouth hanging open like a pubescent 14 year old who just saw a Victoria secret model at the mall.
If you had been smiling, I'd have said pretty!
Then you learn to read the person's emotions through the dominant eye, and the lazy eye becomes a non-issue.
You look adorable in your picture, and if you have an attractive personality you'll be a catch for someone out there right now.
You have the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen.
Your smile shows the kindness of person who values respect.
If you haven't figured out how to best leverage it yet, it's not a failure, but a pending opportunity.
Be kind to yourself and keep smiling - you have a great smile!
You have very beautiful looks but I do wish the photo was more to the left so we could see that whole beautiful face of yours instead of just half.
You have a very cute style going on and everything just seems to match so perfectly from the glasses to your wavy highlighted hair to your lipstick highlighting your smile that is making me smile to your cozy white sweater.
Your skin looks like it's clearing up!
I've struggled with clear skin and know how much it affects your confidence.
Whatever field you're in, get your foot in the door at some entry level position.
Figure out a company you WANT to work for, and tell them this next week you would like to come in and do "x" for them in return for them reading and taking your application seriously.
You will accept that some friendships aren't meant to last forever, and cut out the people who cause you more harm than happiness.
But more than ANYTHING, I beg of you - don't fuck with your hair because it is *fantastic*.
Your hair is gorgeous!!
Your face is beautiful.
Your hair is great, your lips are beautiful even your eyes are big and a beautiful shape.
I love your makeup!!!
I am so jealous of your eyes!
You look really cute, you've got some nice teeth and a nice smile.
Good luck nurturing your kind side, I think it's a great thing to improve!
Dude you look like Marshall from How I met your mother hit the gym and grew a goatee.
your smile is radiant and you have so much more to discover, you will bloom into a beautiful future!
On top of that, your facial hair is killer dude.
I hope next time you post a photo with a BIG smile!
You have pretty eyes.
You can get prepared, figure things out, and give it another go when you're ready.
Can't even see your face, your teeth are blinding.
Your haircut is beautiful and you have the most beautiful blue eyes I have ever seen.
Your eyes are really deep, you feel like you're drowning when you look at them.
And your smile is infectious!
You have a warm and infectious smile and I love your eyes.
You're very cute, your beard is amazing, love your eyes and grab you some soup on the way home, remember you have to take care of yourself
Your snile is fantastic, your eyes are stunning, and I like you're jaw line/overall shape of your face!
Also, your teeth are pretty freaking perfect.
Everyone here is talking about how majestic your beard is (i think so too!)
And i also want to point out that your eyes are the exact shade of your beard which is nice
Maybe go for a small job, see how far you got when not thinking about it and get your body moving, get endorphins running.
I bet you grew that beard as a cover up.
Well too bad because it just highlights your rugged handsome face.
Seriously you should stand on street corners and smile that smile because it looks like a ray of sunshine!
I love your warm brown eyes.
I know it's hard to believe but you are adequate, and anyone who doesn't think you are is an asshole and delusional.
You have a smile that brightens up the room and it looks like you have a very vibrant and loving look about you.
you have a beautiful smile that i feel like could make anyone's day better.
your eyes are such a nice brown, i wish mine looked like that.
Feeling that down and your smile still came out that pretty?
Not only that beard and them eyes , but you look like a big teddy bear!
You have a nice smile and you have a sparkle in your eye.
You have beautiful eyes and a great smile.
Wow your eyes are stunning!
It compliments your hair color very well, and it's a great combination to your handsome smile!
No :( I'm so envious of your lips!
You have a lovely, bright face.
Your skin is so clear, and you're so young, too!
You have gorgeous eyes and a beautiful smile!
Dude, look at your face.
It's a face that if someone was like "Mmm, I just wanna punch someone in the face" they would absolutely not punch you because they'd be like "oh dayam!!!
Also, your hair is perfectly tussle-able, which is the only quality that you look for in hair, really.
You look like the kind of person I would tell jokes to just to see your smile
Your smile makes me feel like I've been friends with you for years
You have a very warm smile that would brighten up any room you walk into.
Know that you are always loved here in this community and we always have your back!
Try to keep a positive attitude and look at what you currently have that makes you smile :) Edit: sorry, on mobile and auto correct hates me.
Listen to my voice and remember my words: Never fight alone A soul that shines so bright Like a reflection from heaven In a dark world shines a light Glorified in you You have strength You are love You have compassion And you have mercy You have wisdom You are ambitious You have life And you are worthy You're a lady You're a lion You are honest And you're important You are holy And when you speak Your words will shake The foundations of this earth
Looks like you got a good head on your shoulders, too.
It sucks for sure, but the faster you learn to keep that handsome chin up, the faster that special someone might finally come into your life.
You have a nice smile and those glasses really go great on you!
You rock that beard and the glasses dude, and you look so genuine and kind hearted too.
Get that handsome face back out there and show the world you don't get knocked down that easily!
You deserve real happiness, with someone who will move mountains and walk through fire for you.
But if you ever need a drinking buddy, I'm a grey goose martinis kind of gal and I'd be happy to join you.
Keep your chin up my friend
Keep your chin up, smile big, and say hello to all the pretty girls that you couldn't pursue before.
You have such a goofy yet kind smile :) i hope things get better!
Your unconventional facial structure, skin tone, and lack of eyes thrill me.
I believe you can tell a lot about a person by their smile and you have a great and friendly smile.
Keep your head held high, pal.
You have great hair and you look very huggable :) I hope the next few months are kind to you!
Unrelated note: your killing it with your style, love the jacket!
But on the bright side: your hair looks fluffy and wonderful, your eyes are quite nice, and you are a good looking person!
Your hair seems adorably messy, and you're very cute.
I hope you find peace and happiness in the near future!
You have such a nice smile and you seem like a really cool and stylish guy.
Your hair is sweet btw.
You look like such a radiant woman, with an absolutely amazing smile.
Your hair kicks ass.
And you have beautiful eyes!
Not to mention your perfect eyebrows.
Edit: forgot to mention your lips - you have this amazing Cupid's bow that models would kill for!
Keep your chin up, and don't forget that real friemshsips will last through depressive periods.
You have gorgeous eyes and adorable dimples.
You have an amazing smile and don't forget that.
Keep your head up sweetie
You are a wonderful person and a beautiful soul and you will find another partner whom you will share love and joy with.
You just have this aura of kindness and gentleness that draws people into you, and it's something that's so rare and special.
You know how some people half-ass it and it turns out poopy looking?
Well I can only go by this picture but from that I can see your very attractive with a killer smile and those dimples are hella sexy.
Keep your chin up!
You got a great smile so keep on smiling with your head held high.
Also your hair is so full and beautiful!!
Nice eyes dude, you are really good looking, for real!
I've noticed you commenting positively on everyone else so good job OP on the thighs and the heart!
You look like you're feeling things right now and that's a good quality to have - holding out my Internet hand to you while you leap over and through this.
I'm sorry for your hurting heart.
Just looking at your post and your absolutely gorgeous face makes me realize that our brains are liars.
Your smile is the best.❤️
You have really nice hair and the cut totally suits you
You look beautiful (especially your hair, wow) and you give off a really relaxing vibe; you're the kinda person you want to get coffee and hang out somewhere warm with on a rainy day.
What the hell, why is your skin so perfectly flawless!
You have such a pretty smile, and I am very jealous of your clear skin.
Sorry for the nerdiness of the comment but your eyes are amazingly opalescent.
Your skin is glowing and you are radiant
I love your eyes so much.
You have a *really* cute nose!
You have a natural beauty that shines through, and an electric smile.
Your hair isn't done up, but it still looks beautiful as it is.
Keep flashing that beautiful smile as often as you can.
Put on some tunes and take that weight off your shoulders for awhile.
you're really cute and you have nice eyebrows :)
You have a very kind and beautiful smile.
Just saying aloud what's going on with you can relieve so much weight from your shoulders.
You have an honest smile and sparkling eyes.
Holy shit, if your goal was to make some strangers jealous of your beard, you won!
Keep your chin up and show your smile (:
Surely you got a great smile hiding (:
We appreciate it when people put their hearths into letting someone else smile and you let many people smile with your comments.
You have beautiful eyes, lips, and hair.
Your eyes are fucking fantastic they're so beautiful I can't form a complete sentence
And you have a really lovely smile.
(just kidding) You're gorgeous &amp; I love your smile
I love your smile and you look very open and friendly.
You look fantastic, the scarf looks great and draws attention to your beautiful face and smile.
Keep smiling and know that I would have no idea that you were trans unless you said so.
They perfectly frame your beautiful big eyes.
You have a beautiful smile and lovely eye colour.
Your smile is absolutely stunning, and your eyes are so full of life!
As a pan woman, I have to tell you I love your face.
I love your eyes, their color and their shape, which goes perfectly with the shape of your mouth making your face proportionate and good looking!
You look like Gods favourite cherub, whom he rewarded by bestowing upon him his own beard.
my skin makes me look older which is a problem" dude you look 17 dont worry about your skin
You have a very classic look- lovely lips and a very symmetrical face.
You have such feminine features that its almost as if your body knew how you were supposed to end up but something went wrong in the womb and you ended up with the wrong sex organs.
Your smile makes me think of Anne Hathaway's- nice full lips and a wide, genuine, yet coy sort if grin.
Why are you having weight issues?
You actually have such a nice body!
Your body looks fantastic!
You're hot as fuck, your body is slammin and your hair is too cute.
Plus you have excellent taste in clothes, that dress looks perfect on you.
Hopefully you get out of this body funk, because you're doing this world a favor by showing yourself off.
From the picture, your skin doesn't make you look old at all!
You are a handsome dude and look like you take pride in taking care of your appearance.
That dress + you = Incredible.
You are so pretty and you have such an amazing body!
But yeah, this world we live in is ugly) You have a very feminine, and very lovely smile that I enjoy seeing.
I hope you have a wonderful life where you can continue to share that smile with others.
Love the color of your eyes!
I think you look like a bad ass with a heart of gold.
How do you usually dress?
Not only do you have gorgeous eyes, a beautiful smile and a great body, but I love your room!
You still have a sense of humor.
You have a lovely smile, and eyes I could get lost in for days!
Your hair is just lovely!
Your face reminds me of sunshine :) Pretty eyes!
all in your head.
A bit late but I really love your big smile.
I love your smile :)
Your eyes are thoroughly captivating.
I bet youre a genuinely good person and you got a good smile.
Some girl (or guy if you roll that way) is gonna love your looks and your personality.
Nothing looks wrong with your face.
And your smile is so welcoming.
My friend you have a beaming smile and beautiful eyes!
Keep your head up because these stormy clouds will pass :) You are loved and supported and you deserve to be happy!
Once you get out there, grab life by the balls, look him in the eye, and say "woops, my bad, I meant to grab your hand" Then you'll be well on your way!!!
You have a great smile, and very trustworthy eyes.
You look great, but try dressing up a little.
Keep your head up and stay strong.
You seem like a person who knows how to make a great first impression- you dress so well!
Broken legs are no fun, good to see you are getting back into a routine!
But then there's other people, and you meet them and you think 'not bad, they're okay', and then you get to know them, and their face sort of becomes them, like their personality's written all over it, and they just they turn into something so beautiful."
No matter what you look like, personality wins every time.
Thats a sweet denim jacket(: and your hair looks like it's really soft!
I love your hair!
You have the kind of hair that story protagonists have, beautiful, and animated.
Your hair is fantastic.
I cannot believe people have told you that your hair is ugly!
Your hair is beautiful!
Your curls are so defined!
Your hair is AWESOME!
And as a dude, the hairline is starting to go as well, so you should be happy with what you've got.
Your hair is beautiful!!
Your hair is AMAZING!
Be proud of your curls, they are gorgeous
Your curls are absolutely wonderful.
Your hair is just like mine.
Whoever says your hair is ugly must be blind.
Your hair is very similar to mine, and it took me a long time to embrace it, but now I love it.
Umm, your hair is gorgeous!
Not hating on people with straight/mostly straight hair but if you got them bouncy curls, flaunt em!
You can safely ignore anybody who tells you to change your hair because they don't like the type.
Oh my goodness your hair is so DREAMY.
Your hair is beautiful op, people are probably jealous of those natural curls, wear them proudly, even flaunt it a bit
Your hair is stunning!
Your hair really is gorgeous.
You hair is amazing!
You should join a curly hair community, they have them all over online.
I'm sure it'll help your curly hair confidence.
Your hair is too beautiful and majestic for you not to love it!
I absolutely love your hair.
My hair is half straight, have wavy so I'm definitely envious of your hair.
I love how thick your hair is!!
Your hair is perfect.
Wow, you have my dream hair.
Your hair is stunning, love.
You have really good hair and facial features.
You seem to be an excellent person, and congratulations on losing the weight that you have.
You have gorgeous eyes.
You really shouldn't feel insecure about yourself :) To start with, your eyes are insane!
You have a super cute smile too, you look like such a friendly person :) as for being the heaviest you have ever been, you don't look like you are overweight at all, you look like you're in real healthy shape!
Keep on smiling girl, you have got nothing to worry about :D
Did you do your own makeup?
You have beautiful bright eyes, as well.
Your facial hair is absolutely majestic.
I'm jealous of your hair, and I love your smile.
Beautiful features, awesome makeup, and you don't look overweight at all!
You're gorgeous, I really love your hair and your smile!
Go around the world with that face and spread some joy- you are really good looking with a great smile.
You have clearly taken very good care of yourself because I don't see any real noticeable wrinkles, and I'm not spotting any gray hairs either.
3) I see something soulful in your eyes and that is very appealing.
Whatever your body might be saying about your age you sure as heck don't look it.
You are gorgeous and you have a sweet jacket!
I like the dress, and you have super nice teeth.
Your hair is lovely and your eyes are gorgeous!
Girl you are absolutely beautiful, you have an amazing smile and your eyes are little sparkles from the night sky.
Your hair compliments your face extremely well.
Your eyelashes look like they're fresh out of a mascara commercial.
Don't let life get the best of you because you have a great smile!
You seem like the kind of guy who treats a girl right and holds the door for her on a first date.
You look a lot like Anna Kendrick but with a much nicer smile and complexion!
You have such kind eyes.
You have a genuinely cheerful smile.
I bet there's a girl out there who feels like you do and that smile of yours will make her day!
You are pretty good looking, have a nice smile, look like you know how to have a good time/a good laugh.
Trust me, you have a great charisma, a great smile, and an awesome tie.
You have a very genuine smile.
You seem like you must bring a lot of happiness into those around you!
Your jacket is pretty beautiful too by the way.
You have long eyelashes!
Lol, keep on smiling because you have a beautiful smile.
I wanna rub my face on your face no homo
I like your eyes 🙂
your facial hair is on point and I wish I could grow my hair as long as you have.
Addiction is a nightmare and the withdrawal can leave you feeling uncomfortable in your own skin.
Even if you're flat broke something like knitting or painting can be done on the cheap and it will occupy your mind/hands.
You have gloriously shiny hair!
Your hair is glorious and you have very kind looking eyes!
You clearly have skill, your eyebrows are fantastic!
Your hair is super pretty too, it looks like you take really good care of it.
Please feel what you need to to get through it, and always remember the things that used to put a smile on your face ear to ear.
Maybe it was her cooking, or something else, but there will be something that will put a beaming smile on your face and you will find it.
You are handsome and just like some other commenters have said, those long eyelashes tho!!!
You remind of one of those amazing 1/1,000,000 people whose incredible beauty is likewise equalled by and a reflection of their kindness.
yo, you have the softest brown eyes and I think your hair is super cool.
I find it pretty inspiring and awesome that after all the difficulty you've had, you still find it in yourself to smile and be brave and post a selfie even though you're feeling insecure with whatever it is you're insecure with.
You have such a wonderfully expressive smile.
Hey you do not need to worry about your weight at all!!
I bet you make people smile everyday with a grin like that.
You have such a sweet face and beautiful eyes.
Keep your chin up my friend!
Plus time to clear your head is a big positive.
Use those blue eyes to your advantage!
Keep your head up!
Don't hide your personality and those big blue eyes... sometimes we cover our faces to feel invisible... put yourself out there and enjoy all of the good things in life!
Were I single, I would jump your bones.
Dude, I'm gonna be real with you, I'm jealous of your hair.
Give me your hair and beard now.. No questions just hand them over and if you want you can have mine but that's up to you.
While you're at it just might as well hand your eyes over too.. Fuck it might as well just give me your head, make it easier on the both of us.
I'm going to be real with you, i've gone through the same stuff, but i love your hair and your lip ring, and honestly i wish i had the guts to get that kind of thing, depression can put you down but that just makes you so much stronger when you get back up
You are incredibly handsome and look like you belong in Game of Thrones or something with that swept hair.
Really pretty, endearing eyes as well and you deserve so much.
Your hair looks honestly amazing.
Your smile is something some Hollywood celebrity would die for.
To top all that off though, if you do have casual conversations with 70 year old cashiers that means that you at least have heart.
Especially when it's a group that you want to impress; putting your best face forward takes a lot of effort!
In fact, I've half a mind to think that you spread a lot of joy about when you talk to others -- you definitely seem to radiate that kind of energy!
You're gorgeous and you have a great eye for makeup, and your smile exudes kindness and joy.
Happy Birthday to you buddy, now chin up and shove your bum down to the cinema.
And the colour of your hair is just wonderful.
I love your outfit and your eyebrows are on point.
Chin up, Act confident, Fake if it you have to, Things will pick up!
Edit, to add an actual compliment: You have a kind face.
For example, when ordering food at Chick-fil-A, give a false name and then when they call the name you'll have the satisfaction of knowing "mwahaha that's not really my name" and maybe it'll make you smile!
When life pushes you one step back, you can slap life right in the face and take two steps forward!
Your hair looks great!
I'm seriously envious of your makeup skills.
Also, your hair is glorious.
It's not easy feeling like everything you do is being watched, especially when it's not in your head because many people are actually checking you out.
Some really cool people dismiss your own potential coolness and assume you're the type of attractive person who lets it go to their head and becomes quite vapid.
With age, comes confidence, feeling more comfortable in your own skin, and the wisdom to separate how people react to your exterior from who you are and what you feel as a person.
However, your hair is fucking great!!!
It's your goddamn well-earned **right** to revel in the happiness that choice provides you: you know you tried.
**Make sure** to recite this phrase every time you face a situation in which **you can/must take the first step**.
Just please take them kindly to your heart, and make them present in your life.
Hey man, as far as the girl thing, I've been in your shoes more time than I'd care to admit.
Regardless of how long the relationship is, there's always a special spot in your heart for it and it takes time and it's not anybody else business if you're sad.
As far as the school thing goes, I've also been in your shoes.
You just gotta really buckle down, drink lots of water, and put in the effort to figure out how you learn and then you gotta apply it and get some knowledge gains.
I like your hair and eyes!
Your eyes are beautiful, and the black coat is fabulous!
God you're so pretty, and your hair is gorgeous.
You have beautiful brown eyes and your eyebrow game is on point!
You can really wear that beard and hairstyle.
That one off handed gesture you did that you don't even remember which totally changed a person's life.
Allow us to unabashedly celebrate you and in turn, I hope you can crack a smile and realize that you do deserve the birthday acclaim.
I think your eyes are really beautiful.
You have really strong eyebrows that a lot of people would kill for.
You have such kind looking eyes!
I can already picture them and how they light up when you laugh and smile :) and the green looks so good on you!
I love your hair, especially the bangs.
You have a clear, dewy complexion, too.
Keep your head up and think about things the way i tend to when something is bothering me.
I covered the bottom half of your pic with my hand because I noticed something.
You really smile with your eyes.
 I was just about to say you have GORGEOUS eyes.
You remind me of Pablo, and Pablo ended up being the most bad ass character on the show.
You look like the kind of guy that plays the good kind of pranks on people- the ones that end up with everyone laughing.
That grin and the little twinkle in your eyes...
You look like you definitely know how to bring a smile to someone's face.
Your eyes and skin are really nice too.
You have a really inviting smile that lights up your face.
I love how calm but happy you look here, and you have an amazing smile.
Some days it's easy to get down on ourselves - but today, an Internet stranger wants to tell you that you appear to be a lovely woman with a great smile and probably has a lot of interesting conversation.
Your dark eyes are beautiful.
you have a very happy smile which I think is the prettiest quality in anyone
Something about your body language and inviting smile make me sure of it.
I am captivated by your eyes (: I was scrolling quickly through my homepage on a break from class and had to stop just to scroll back up to your picture I thought it was from another subreddit I follow.
Keep your chin up, dear.
You're not alone and I hope some kind internet friends can help you feel better :) Also, Netflix has recently added some stand up specials that are quite funny and if that's up your alley you'd definitely get some good laughs!
You have wonderful eyes and I think that colour really suits you!
you have an amazing set of eyes
As everyone on here has said, your eyes are the kind poets write about.
You also have really great skin, wonderfully and super pouty/cute lips.
Your eyes are stunning.
Your nose looks so cute, and I love the hair.
You are such a handsome guy and you have really nice lips.
Your eyes are also really striking :)
I feel like we would play pool together and you'd whup me and I'd claim "Nah I let you win" but in reality I couldnt stop staring at your eyes.
You anything but overweight my boy, keep your head up the holidays are nearly here!
Your face looks really smooth and clean!
Also your glasses look pretty cool and your smile is very inviting and friendly!
You're gonna kick the next jobs ass and they're gonna be super grateful they have you on their team.
You got good taste telling from that jacket.
Dude your smile is so friggen contagious!
I don't know why but when I see these pictures of you smiling I just smile!
You are the kind of person I would spontaneously talk to in class!
1) Love your million dollar smile!
2) You have great skin!
Just be aware that how you feel about your own appearance may be very different from how others perceive you.
Your smile, however, out shines all that!
If I saw you on the street and you flashed that smile at me, it would make my day (in a friendly, neighborly way, not hitting on ya, I'm a grandma).
You seem like someone that loves to make others laugh and smile, and I think we would be great friends in person!
I like the vibes of this subreddit and you all warmed my heart.
There is so much life in your eyes.
Always keep that smile which makes your eyes glow.
You look extremely chill, and I love your beard!
Your eyebrows are amazing, and I love your eyes too.
Also, I want to sit on your lap and carress your beard.
:) Also, I like your hair!
You have the most beautiful skin!
I really like your freckles!
You have super beautiful eyes!
First off, keep your beard trimmed as you do, it works wonderfully for you!
Your smile is very nice with great personality – as / has said, your skin is very beautiful as well.
A nice, genuine smile would accentuate your beauty.
I adore your eyes, and I love that you take good care of your hair.
By the by, your skin isn't "poop" in the least.
You have very kind eyes, and your smile is contagious!
Your skin is clear and soft looking and your freckles accentuate your beauty.
You don't look like you have on/need makeup and your eyelashes are naturally full and dreamy!
Welp, you dont need to be anxious about your appearance, thats for sure.
I don't really understand your title, but the only thing negative about your appearance is how sad you look.
Love the freckles, I know its hard when your best friend is away.
Your eyes are so beautiful (and wise) and, with your freckles, you are very striking!
Cute beard, nice features, cute fashion style...I like your cap and your shirt.
(I know we're not supposed to give advice on this sub but the only thing I would say is maybe unbutton that top button if you want to look a little more relaxed ...other than that, the only thing this picture is missing is your smile!)
You're an attractive man that knows how to dress, plus you own it.
That beard is awesome and that shirt looks super comfortable and fits you real well!
You have a nice face, great hair, and you seem like you're on your way to being pretty built too.
Just put a smile on your face - a smile always helps!
Your beard is superior to my own, kind sir.
If it helps at all, you have beautiful eyes!
Also, just because this is free compliments, I thought I'd tell you that your eyes are stunning :)
If you ever need a casual chat or a heart, l, (as well as loving others) am here for you, love.
You look like the type of person who makes situations less serious and can make people smile.
I believe in you and your happiness!
You've got good skin and a nice head of hair; I bet you even have a nice smile when you can muster it.
If you put yourself out there, and you're friendly, kind, and charming, you're going to drown in pussy.
You have some great hair and a great facial structure, handsome by any means.
You look like the type of person I'd want to be friends with (I'm female) you look happy and sincere, you look like you would be the calm voice of reason and the one with the best jokes, the kind it takes a moment for most people to get then burst out laughing.
This is the first impression I get, seems like a lot but I stand by it :) aside from all that you have a softness to your facial features that is very feminine and beautiful, intense strong eyes and great skin.
Your smile immediately made *me* smile.
Your cheeks and your eyes are just perfect.
Honestly, I've lurked here for awhile, and you're my first comment because seeing your face made my evening better for some reason.
If you hadn't posted here, I would still be moping instead of figuring out who I can reach out to in order to get some help for myself, too.
Also, as previously noted, you have awesome hair, cute eyes and I'm willing to bet there's a winning smile hiding behind your hand there.
You have such kindness about you it radiates through the picture.
Keep smiling and remember that you're never alone as you think you may be.
Your offer brought a massive smile to my face.
That full and curly hair and those mesmerizing eyes of yours are great features that you have.
I'm especially jealous of your lips and the arch in your eyebrows!
Your eyes are beautiful as well, but I'm sure you get that all the time!
Girl you are gorgeous and your nose is so cute.
Sun is shining from your face you beautiful human!
Find happiness alone and you will find happiness with another.
You have the type of face that I'd do anything to see crack a smile, just to see those beautiful blue eyes light up!
You have great hair, on point eyebrows, full lips and amazingly beautiful eyes!
oh my gosh your eyes and your lips are killer 😍 you're so so so pretty, no need to feel bad.
Your hair is such a pretty shade too❤️
You are calmly beautiful, if I saw your face everyday my life would be significantly better.
Oh I love your big eyes and your mouth looks like the real life version of what little girls try to draw to depict a pretty woman.
You have great lips, your hair is really nice.
It would frame your face nicely.
Your hair is amazing.
Jesus Christ that's a gorgeous smile, and your skin is so pretty!
Keep your chin up!
You have beautiful eyes, seriously a stunning color shade of blue!
Also, I'm very jealous of your lips, very pouty!
I love your hair, your lips have curves girls wish they had, your eyes are gorgeous, and your eyebrows have a nice arch!
I'm so envious of your hair!
Wow, your smile and teeth are gorgeous.
Your smile will definitely make someone feel better and I hope you get that for yourself.
But seriously I love the corners of your lips, so cute!
Your brows are so beautiful and I'm incredibly jealous and I love your bone structure.
You have wonderful lips and beautiful eyes
I would kill for your hair!
Your hair looks like a goddess in a Botticelli painting.
Your hair looks super healthy and overall you just look gorgeous!
You have the most beautiful nose I've ever seen!
Shit... your skin seems like it's very soft you look very young.
You look like a sweetheart and I like your eyes and hair and I bet you have a wonderful smile.
Your hair looks amazing!
Keep your head up, life has a way of coming back around to help us out
Your eyes are so kind and inviting :3
I'd kill for your mustache dude, holy crap!
You're super cute, and your eyes are beautiful!
Your hair is killing it and I'm loving that striped shirt peeking out from the stack of clothes on your bed.
I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart.♥ You're a wonderful person!
Your eyes are fucking amazing.
New to this sub but just wanted to let every one of you know you made me smile!
Also from bro to bro, you have pretty eyes.
I also second the comment about your eyes.
Your gaze captured my heart and I can't seem to pull away from.
It's something about your symmetrical cheekbones, perfect facial hair, and soft looking skin that makes you look better than any model on the front of a fashion magazine.
You want scars covering your entire body, whether physical, mental, or emotional, the scars mean we've truly lived.
You rock the glasses, ever thought of thicker frames to make them more of a flashy accessory?
First you play support in smite (which if anything like LoL you are a person after my own heart) so that's great :D From one guy to another you aren't a bad looking guy I worry about the self harm so I want to say to you there is no shame in seeking professional help.
You have an attractive face and a fit body and appear kind, but not too weak.
You have lovely eyes too, great hair, and it looks like you're hiding an amazing body to boot!
Happy holidays everyone, may god bless you all with prosperity and happiness :) -best wishes A loser
I'm envious of your smile and lips and your cheeks, they're amazing.
I think with a little bit of mascara your eyes would pop so much!!
Looking at your Reddit account, you're a kind soul, even though you came here looking to feel better, it looks like you've tried to help others too.
I know it sucks now, and it might for a while, but you're beautiful as a person, and you also have a beautiful soul.
Don't worry, everyone gets down every now and again, just look forward to gaining that confidence that I see hidden behind your smile, you can do it, I know this 100%.
Keep kicking ass and striving to better yourself as it looks like you already do you majestic fucking human.
You have gentle eyes and gorgeous full lips.
Rather than fold under the adversity, you are seeing it for what it is, finding ways to cope, and working your ass off to keep your family safe and taken care of.
I can't see you, so I won't tell you you're beautiful or anything like that, but know that I find your soul and resolve astounding, motivating and enlightening, and that good redditor, is more beautiful than anything.
I'm not gonna sit here and give you platitudes or traditional advice, but I will tell you this: Depression, loneliness, and being younger are rough, and there are no two ways about it, but you're being a fucking baller ass mother fucker and looking for help.
Just know that if this is the hardest shit you've faced so far, I believe you will do so much more with your life and be an even more amazing person than you are now.
I mean hilariously funny, falling down laughing your ass off funny.
One-liners making milk come out your nose funny.
You have beautiful, clear, and tan skin, a warm inviting smile, long flowing hair, and eyes that radiant kindness!
I look forward to reading your book...this is for a jacket liner, right?
I hope 2017 brings you so much happiness ❤️️
I think you're equating having perfect skin a cute nose and great eyes as looking 'too young, ' to me you just look great!
I say embrace what you can't change and use it to your advantage, because chances are in a couple years with your determination and confidence, you'll be a partner or running your own firm, and at that point, who cares what you do or don't look like, because you'll be 35 with the face of a 25 year old, and a job most 50 year olds would kill to make the money of.
I wish I had your bone structure bro.
You are a great looking guy in a great looking photo and l love those elfin ears!
And you have a really strong smile even if your teeth aren't showing.
Well hey, your hair is fantastic, your eyes are beautiful, makeup game on point AND you are an awesome enough human being to work in mental health care!
You got some killer eyes!
And a pretty nose that really suits your face.
your eyes are a very pretty color
First off, you have some seriously great hair!
That said, you have beautiful, blemish-free skin.
Your hair is brushed, your clothes are clean, your watch looks nice, and you have some fierce eyebrows.
I bet you look drop-dead gorgeous when you smile (show us?).
Also, I *love* your jacket.
You have quite good eyes
You have a casual style about you, and I love your hair.
Your eyes have both a loneliness, and a caring behind them.
The pictures behind you are beautiful and give an even deeper window to the soul behind them that doesn't just take photos and post them online for karma, but also appreciates the memories behind them.
You're a wonderful person, please keep being the beautiful you that you can be and keep your fantastically angled face looking up, because that's where it all is.
I like your hair!
Your eyes show a seriousness that is well beyond your years, and personally, looking at your post history that's a good thing.
While you may falter every now and then, know that school is temporary, as is the bullshit that comes along with it, and your gorgeous soul is coming through those wistful but also serious eyes.
You seem like a cool ass person to hang out with, and I'm so incredibly sorry that you've had a hard 2016.
You have gorgeous hair.
I'm 19 and balding so I'd kill for your hair.
You have a nice gentle smile.
You shouldered an important burden for others at a critical part of the year, and that work makes you a good person.
You have beautiful eyes.
You have a very kind face, you're also very pretty so I'm sure that you'll be swept off your feet very soon.
You guys have the best eyes.
Your eyes are like a vacation.
Love the swept layers of your hair.
Your skin is so flawless!
Your skin is so smooth in this picture it's like a porcelain doll.
Just keep your head up and remember that people care about you and that you have so much to offer, not only to endless new people, but to your friends, your pets, your family, any classmates, the cashier at the corner store, etc, etc.
Now, I think your nose compliments your strong jawline.
The shape of your eyes is amazing and your lips are great too!
Really full and your hair and the way it is styled here gives me a bit of an Ashton Kutcher type vibe.
You've got beautiful eyes and your makeup is on point
I know it's been said before, but your facial hair is groomed nicely and fits your face like a glove!
Your eyes are huge and you have perfect eyebrows.
Beautiful eyes ❤, perfect teeth and I like your style.
I love your eyes and your nose is really cute.
You are a gorgeous human being, and that beard you got going on is giving me the butterflies
I love your hair, and the beanie you are wearing just fits your appearance.
But damn your piercings are probably the best part about you.
You also have a lovely smile :)
You have the jawline of a model, and your face is actually very proportionate.
Your eyebrows look fine, you could just get an eyebrow brush and brush them to make them appear neater.
You have a defined jawline like a comic book superhero.
Your hair has a good luster to it.
If you're personality doesn't go the same way as everyone else, congrats, you are capable of being an individual.
You have a rly friendly face, and you look like the kinda guy that is nice to everyone and is always happy and having fun, and that's super inviting in a person :D I hope you're having a good holiday my dude!
Your jawline is so sharp i cut my finger scrolling past this photo 🔥🔥🔥
Your ex called me crying and bawling about they can't figure out how to go on without you.
You have an incredible smile, i couldn't help smiling too when i saw this photo :D
plus, you have a really good face shape, so focus on that for now :D
I don't mean to be rude but you are not at all fat which makes me concerned that you have body image issues.
You've gotten a very cute face and an adorable vibe coming from you in this picture!
You face doesn't have any flaw as far as I can see.
Like the kind where they get pulled off the ground and their tippie toes hang in the balance and you feel so held, and yet so free at the same time.
you're like that guy that everyone knows that wont stop smiling and whenever you think of them you can't help but smile as well because you're just happy that theyre so goddamn happy all the time, please continue to be that person
your face structure is fucking amazing... coming from another dude... *cough*
I'm getting lost in your eyes no joke
I am going to reiterate the top comment here and say that you're not fat, and the fact that you feel fat leads me to think your body image issues may need to be sorted by a professional.
I dig your quirky smile.
Your haircut looks fly as hell (:
You look fresh as fuck bro I dig the haircut.
Brah you're not fat bottom line, it's all in your head dude.
Your hair looks so silky and healthy...
Your skin looks like a porcelain doll's.
You are in control of your happiness.
A significant other can only enhance that so be selective and make sure you find the one that enhances your happiness.
You have amazing hair, and really nice lips.
With a handsome face like that, you won't be single for long!
You have a lovely smile and I don't see any reason for you to hate the way you look!
It is wonderful to have good friends, but also remember that the number one relationship you need to be putting effort towards is the one with yourself :) having a brain that is not always on your side can be rough, but I believe you have what it takes to kick the asses of your inner demons!
You also have some beautiful lips.
You have the perfect amount of hair in all the right places.
Well done for wrapping your arms around this part of yourself by bringing it I to the light.
You got some great hair, style, and that shirt falls on you perfectly and those glasses frame your face real well.
If I were you I'd go find some [medicated face soap](I hope my advice didn't come out as rude.
Btw, you have lovely eyes!
Find enough of those people and the way you all understand and help eachother will eventually bring you up out of the ground into happiness.
Your eyes are lovely and your coat looks so warm and fuzzy.
How could this post be up and not get comments up the ying-yang telling you what is dashingly obvious: Your hair.
Your hair is gorgeous, the colour and the length just suits you so well.
Your brown eye colour is really warm and inviting, overall you seem like a person one could trust.
Your smile lights up the room.
My dude you got a fantastic smile and eyes that are calming and inviting.
You look like the kind of guy that would answer a call at midnight to help a buddy out.
The way your mustache connects to your beard gives me hope that my life will come together.
I know that just by your smile.
I'm also horrible at guessing ages, but I would be very pleased if an age appropriate family member came in with you on their arm!
A blurry photo can't hide your beautiful smile!
The sparkles really make the brown in your hair pop.
It really flatters your body shape - you have killer curves!
Did you pick that dress?
If so, you have a great eye and awesome taste!
I'm glad you like the picture now because I sure do, that smile is fantastic!
You are your own person and deserve your own happiness, of course be there for those who need you, but be there for yourself first.
Is a quote that resonates with me quite a lot, and from where I'm standing if definitely seems like you are a good person, keep at it my man, don't forget that if you ever need a shoulder to cry on, all those people you helped will be happy to lend a hand.
okay lemme say first you have such an adorable face, it's so friendly and happy and you have a great beard :D i can see why people depend on you so much, you look honest, kind, and trustworthy, and i know it might be quite tiring but just keep that in mind!!!
You have a kickass beard, an incredible smile and an even better personality!
Seems like your signature smile :) You mentioned below that you're 24 and about to be a freshman!
You have a cheeky dimple.
Your eyes are something else.
I like your hair!
You have big eyes too :)
Keep doing you =] dig the hair
I don't suppose you have a pic of you smiling?
I bet you got a kick ass smile I'm just guessing though.
And I agree with , you probably have a really cute smile!
And I love your beard!
You have a solid beard/mustache.
Thank you so much for taking the time to leave a complete stranger some kind words.
You have very kind eyes.
I'd have a beer with you, you look awesome with that glorious beard
You're very pretty and you have gorgeous skin!
I love your hair - I want mine that colour.
You have a look of control and passion in your eyes!
You have beautiful coloring (especially the hair), a great smile, and you've chosen a great lipstick shade!
Your freckles are very cute!
I love the color of your eyes!
Your hair is really pretty amd I'm super jelly of your shirt.
You have great spacing between your teeth!
This kinda sounds weird, but you have a really good head shape...
I love the color of your eyes!
You've taken time to reply to everyone here and continue the positive communication :) thank you for making your lovely face a part of my day!
You tried your best and that's what matters :) You have great eyes and I'm sure a new opportunity will come your way soon!
You have nice eyebrows.
Your brows are kick- ass and I love that lip color on you.
Awesome hair and your eye color is sooo pretty.
You're so handsome and there's something really special about your eyes.
Man, I am so jealous of your hair!
You have cool eyes!
You have the most vibrant eyes and beautiful, clear skin!
I want to see your face without the filter!
I like the proportions of your face.
You're pretty in an endearingly unique way, and I'm jealous of how well you pull off that lip colour.
I have a tip which has helped me a lot: Next time someone is being a dick to you (no matter what situation, could just be someone cutting you of in traffic), try and come up with an excuse for their actions.
You probably look a lot better with just two ears instead of four
You know how the eyes are the mirror of the soul?
keep your head up man, there's so many beautiful things to look at in life.
The color of you walls really shows how well you dress overall so you should definitely be proud of yourself.
Depression is no easy thing to deal with but hold your head high and know that you are important and you are loved.
Never compare yourself to another if you can, you are unique and what may seem perfect in another from your eyes, remember that they are probably thinking something similar for you.
Sorry it seems really disjointed, but please, try to smile at least once a day and love yourself for the beautiful person you are.
Dressing nice really can make you feel a bit better, can't it?
You have really strong brows, super nice eyes (love the shape and the color), and a really symmetrical face with strong bone structure.
You have really great eyes, strong features, and very nice hair.
careful with that jawline bruh you gonna kill somebody with it it's so sharp seriously though, you look good.
You know, when we see ourselves, we are so used to our appearance that all we can see over time is the small faults that set in.
Your face is shaped well.
Your humility towards your appearance is a sign of good character at that.
Your eyes are amazing and remember we are our own worst critic .
You have nice eyes too.
That wry smile really suits you and I dig your hairstyle.
Your hair is gorgeous, and you are rocking that dress girl!
You have lovely eyes and a real cute smile there, sorry about the job and all the rest, keep your head up :)
You have very beautiful eyes (first thing I and I'm sure a lot of people noticed), a symmetrical face with a nicely defined bone structure, and the hair gives you something cute and innocent :)
You have an awfully handsome face and very pretty eyes.
Together with the hair and your expression, you look a little mischievous, but in a nice and funny way!
That dress really suits you, and the beautiful wave in your hair is absolutely stunning!
The combined look gives you a sassy, retro kind of style that I absolutely love :) I'm so sorry you're having a rough time - I hope things will look up soon for you.
I like your dimples !
Smile more we're always here for you !
I love your fashion sense and you have beautiful eyes... they're full of wisdom and fire.
I hope you find the burning passion in your heart, if you haven't already.
You have beautiful, kind eyes.
Your hair is gorgeous and you have killer facial structure!
It looks like you maybe broke your arm, if you did I'm sure it was doing something badass!
You should wear that cut of dress everyday.
It's lovely on your figure!
Your kindness does not go unnoticed.
Your smile has a lot of confidence behind it :)
I wish you luck and happiness and all the love in the world forever, and many non-scary, good dates with charming guys ahead!
I'm totally jealous of your hair, by the way.
You have a sweet face too.
Do you know what kind of bullet you dodged???
Although it's important to remember this intelligence of yours is ultimately what you make of it—no one cares if you can remember tiny details of history or can quickly carry out arithmetic in your head.
Either way, make sure you find time to feed your mind and body.
I really like your hair and wish I could grow it like that!)
When you work out, you do things that are hard for you, and your body grows stronger as a result of it.
Don't worry my friend your head is brighter than my future.
You've got your head on straight and you can go far.
I about gasped when I saw your eyes.
But you know what, I set goals for myself and I work my ass off to complete them.
Absolutely love your eyes and eyebrowes!
Keep your chin up :)
You're so pretty, I love your scarf, and your makeup is on point!
Your wings are symmetrical and awesome and your eyebrows are nice as well!
I really like the color (and this is a slightly odd thing) and the shape of your eyes.
... And you're still able to smile through it dude, that's a testament to your fortitude :)
You will break a lot of hearts down the road
I would LOVE to have your eyebrows.
You can pluck them when you're older if you want, but, you'll always have beautiful frames for your stunning eyes.
Your eyebrows look great, idk what you mean!
Such a beautiful women, that seeing your face again struck me quite a bit.
I bet you can be pretty expressive with strong brows like that.
Your complexion is so beautiful and glowy.
I love your eyes!
You have a warm smile :) that will definitely bring you some nice attention, i promise!
You look like an awesome dude and I really dig the hair.
I couldn't handle the embarrassment so I would cut my hairs with my school scissors... lol I feel your pain.
and your brows have totally killer potential.
Girl, I don't think your unibrow takes away from your beauty.
You have stunning eyes and those eyebrows accentuate it.
I really like your hair.
And when your mind can't find anything wrong, you start getting anxious about little things that don't matter, like your hair or your voice or something....when really EVERYTHING is FINE.
He might get someone prettier, but he won't get your pretty personality.
You sound like a positive person, and your face shows that positivity.
You have absolutely phenomenal skin!
Besides, pretty isn't a thing that gives you a good heart or a warm smile.
As a side note, are you allowed to wear makeup?
I only ask because if you're self-conscious about your eyebrows but unable to remove the hair for religious or other reasons, you can use concealer to mask it.
I recently saw a woman on youtube explaining how to do so, so if you're able to wear a small amount of makeup maybe that will help you feel better.
I like your brows.
Your smile is genuine and really lights up your face.
Unibrows are so powerful and beautiful, my grandmother always taught me to be proud of mine and so I think you should too!
Your skin in amazing!
You're honestly beautiful, and holy hell your skin is perfect!
That dude sounds like an ass btw - you don't need someone who would do that in the first place.
Think of this as the universe showing you how much of an ass he is - better to know now than later!
Omg I love your eyebrows!
You deserve someone that won't just leave when someone else catches his eye.
Someone once posted a quote that went something along the lines of "You're the one writing the story of your life, don't ever hand the pen over to someone else".
Let your mom know you love her and that you appreciate all that's she's done, but your body and mind are your own.
Your eyes are BEAUTIFUL.
First time on this sub... your eyebrows are very symmetrical.
Dwayne Johnson might be out of a job if you could master his signature eyebrow raise.
You have a kind and pretty face and a beautiful soul which makes your eyes shine.
I dig the hair and your skin is smoother than a baby's bottom.
You have really lovely eyes, don't worry about your eyebrows.
Your skin tone is also really beautiful.
I'm not sure how to phrase this without sounding generic and odd, but you have a very pleasant face.
I can tell from your smile.
However, one of those products available I really find amusing-- women are wearing little eyebrow wigs to get closer to your look.
So when your mom eventually allows you to shape your eyebrows, you are so lucky that you have a natural look to start with!
I have thick eyebrows like that - and I was just as embarrassed and hated them as you probably do, but you know what?
You have exquisite skin and your eyes are stunning.
You can pluck your brows and get them shaped when you get a bit older if you want, but there's no need.
Also I'd kill to have your brows!
Also don't worry about your brows.
You have a lot of time to figure things out for yourself.
You're gorgeous, I love your hair!
And you have awesome eyebrows, bit of you don't like it, tell her you slipped while shaving haha, she can't be mad for long
I see beauty, honesty, openness, your shy smile is adorable, your eyes are beautiful, you shine, plainly put, you shine.
You worry about your unibrow, we all have some "flaw" that in our minds stands out like a police car sirens and light blaring.
You see a unibrow, I see the perfect frame for your warm brown eyes.
No one can tell you the value of your soul, only you can do that.
May your beard grow ever longer, your stein grow ever fuller, and your glasses be even more shiny!
You're a gorgeous lady, and this kind of stuff will only make you stronger.
That's only temporary, the rest of your face is permanently beautiful!
: You also have lovely eyes.
Just wanted to say, you have great eyes and a wonderful smile!
And your smile is gorgeous, keep smiling.
You have a great glow in your eyes :) plus your face overall is very smooth and symetrical.
I bet s/he is already finding so many things to get into as a kitten but still curls up and looks at you with those adorable big eyes.
You, all put a smile on my face and made me look at this situation with a different angle, you are the best!
And you have a beautiful face.
You have a catchy smile too :)
Your eyes are amazing.
You look like so much fun :) Your smile holds a lot of happiness.
Your smile is sweet.
Maybe you like this photo because you're making a confident pose, and have a confident, genuine looking smile.
Hey, you look really nice and have a great smile!
Your hair and smile look great!
You seem friendly and charming and your fashion sense has personality.
Your eyes are stunning and that haircut looks great on you!
You have a beautiful head of hair.
Your hair is stunning, girl.
The shade of those blue eyes is amazing, I love your eyes!
You have so many reasons to smile.
You're obviously such a great person that the tiny person on your back couldn't help but to think otherwise, and what does that person know?
Your blazing, lively, mischievous eyes are so intriguing that not only am I excited for who you are and who you will come to be, that I am excited for the little human you are raising.
Wouldn't have noticed you weight unless you mentioned it!
You look good, dress pretty cool, and have a great smile!
Your smile is absolutely gorgeous, don't ever let anyone say otherwise.
Don't ever let your weight hold you back, I learned that myself as a younger child.
The first thing I noticed was your wonderful smile, and those glasses look really good on you.
I would've never known you were struggling with that given your gorgeous smile &amp; obviously warm soul.
If I met you, I'd offer you some blueberries and would be delighted to see your smile in person.
You definitely have amazing eyes!!
You are lovely and perfect, plus you have some sweet hair going!
My heart would be more full knowing you're alright ❤ I hope you continue to get stronger and stronger.
That child's smile says all you need to know.
Also, I like your hair.
You appear to work with your hands possible a mechanic huge turn on for most females and your cute af , so smile Nathan (I think that's what your name says ) 😆
The obvious is that you are beautiful..You dress well.I am also plus size fun size.
You have such a sweet 100 watt smile that lights your whole face up!
You look super fun and you have very pretty eyes!
Also your eyes are gorgeous.
I love your style, your hair, and your facial structure is beautiful.
Keep your head up and keep having fun!
I am so jealous of your eye color!
Also, Your makeup is awesome.
Well I think you look great and your eye makeup is on point!
It's normal to feel insecure about weight, just remember that whether you lose it in the future or decide to keep it, you are beautiful either way.
You smile and the room lights up and it's like your face beams.
I am definitely getting a Game of Thrones vibe from your facial structure/hair and the general look and tone of that photo.
And if you can't be positive right now, I will be for you: depression is a nasty demon, but I have total faith you will conquer it, get the help you need, and gain all the happiness you deserve again soon.
I'm sure you get complimented on your eyes all the time, but they're such a gorgeous color!
Your hair is magnificent - the little upswing thing that it does looks casually elegant.
Really you look like the kind of person that friends both old and new would always be glad to see.
I like your smile.
You have a great complexion!
Good luck, pick your head up and dust yourself off.
Your title breaks my heart!
You're young and you have killer hair!
You don't have shoulder that burden on your own.
And bless that natural wave in your hair!
What kinds of things are you interested in?
You have striking eyes and not because of your makeup, which does certainly look fabulous :) I am feeling alone right now too!
I sidetracked slightly from my point but I wanted to say your eyes tell a story of genuine caring and I bet many people are blessed to have you in their lives.
Your haircut is beyond cuuuuute.
Wow your hair and makeup are so beautiful!
You have great eyes!
And I love the color of your beard!
You literally have the nicest lil' half smile ever.
It's like you don't want to show the world your whole smile yet.
(punches you in the arm)
Your eyes are striking, and I really think you're truly handsome.
I know it's been said, but your hair is pretty amazing!
Enjoy being single with your beautiful face.
Take the steps each day to put a smile on your face.
I hope you find your smile.
You are very pretty and I love your hair color!
Figure out the quality and character of people you want to be around and make close friends with those people who, just by being in their presence, buoys you.
Love your hair color!
i love your style, your makeup and hair look awesome.
Also, your hair and lipstick are **perfect** holy cow.
I'm a female and I wish I had your grey hair.
Add the dark lip stick and you hot!
I like how your front teeth show when your mouth is open as in the pic!
Keep your head up.
You are loved by those back home and you know you can make it through this quarter because you made it through the last like a god damn champ.
You will figure out the rest.
You got nice hair bro
You have a nice smile, that makes me smile, too!
You have a very genuine smile which is a wonderful thing!
You have a very nice smile with warm eyes and luscious hair.
I love your glasses and your smile and the way your hair curves!
He didn't take your great smile, so that's a start.
You have a really great smile!
I wish you the best of luck and hope the next few days bring you nothing but happiness!
I love how radiant your smile is, very optimistic.
A new job and new city aren't out of the question for you, and with your beauty and smile, you'll be killing it wherever you go!
Take a trip to a greenhouse, it might help you smile a little more inside.
&lt;3 I hope things get better, if you want to PM someone and talk I'm all ear.
You have a nice smile and soft, gentle eyes.
You are worthy of help, and you deserve happiness.
You are adorable, and have very kind eyes.
You have phenomenal eyebrows.
And you look _great_ dude: the style, your hair, the stubble, and the smile.
You have a great smile, that tall/thin thing going on, and cute hair.
I don't know you, so I can't comment on your personality.
I see depth and vulnerability in your eyes.
You have a sweet smile and kind eyes.
Your smile has that mischievous look behind it that so many of us try to perfect.
Black is definitely your color, it contrasts well with your fair skin and light hair.
I also like your choice in glasses- I think it goes well with your longer hair.
Also your has a cute face and I wanna pet it.
I love your hair!
Your hair and cat are hella dope
Your eyes are mesmerizing even behind those swaggy glasses!
Also plaid - 100% a good decision, it looks great on you and makes your eyes stand out!
Smile and when life gets rough hug your cat.
You have kind eyes, and seem really approachable.
Your hair looks great, and the facial hair that you have really suits your bone structure.
Hope this yr makes you smile!
You just straight up look like a good person man, I feel like I can see it in your eyes, keep on keepin on homie
Your eyes and smile compliment each other very well.
Keep your chin up (:
I really love your eyebrows and eyes for some reason haha.
But it was you and what I got was one of the most beautiful and kind smiles looking though my screen.
•First off your hair looks beautifully smooth and silky.
The curl you have for it is fantastic.
That shirt brings out your amazing eyes!
I thank you on those days that you've worked your ass off at work, coming home and doing everything for your household.
You eyes look very thoughtful and compassionate!
I'm facing a similar situation soon, asking my SO to move with me across the country, and I've thought long and hard on the issue- long and hard enough to know that you have to be both strong and compassionate to make a move like that for someone you love.
Also you have beautiful eyes, and you're cute even when making a duckface, a rare feat.
I like you neck thing.
Your eyebrows are on fleek!!
Great lips, pretty eyes, nice hair and your make-up skills are on point!
And good on you for losing so much weight!
Love your hair and those glasses really work for you.
I love your hair, it looks so pretty and healthy!
You are an attractive person with nice eyes and lips, and I know you will do well in losing the rest of the weight if you keep pushing hard.
Your eyebrows are stronger than my future and you're eyes are amazing.
I can't see what kind of friend you are by looking at your face (though you're very pretty!
I really like your jacket, I have a similar one and I wear it all the time.
You also have amazing skin and eyes and I'm so jealous.
You have strikingly gorgeous jawline and an adorable smile!
Don't lose yourself inside your head.
If you haven't already, figure out what genuinely makes you happy, what makes you feel good.
You have your own sense of humor, your own wit, and your own personality.
Keep you chin up pal.
I've been feeling quite down lately, but knowing there are people like you guys out there just put a smile on my face!
You've already got a great beard growing, let some strength grow from inside you and keep fighting
Walking down the street, you cross wifi networks and cell signals all connected to the internet, the largest repository of human knowledge and the biggest social network in the history of our race.
No kidding you look like a movie star with that hair.
So kindly smile you always look bett5 with a smile
Love your hair !
So, keep your head up, love yourself first, and find someone to *boost* your feelings.
For starters your hair colour and eye colour match perfectly 🙂 By the looks of it, and the fact that you're in a hotel you're doing something productive or at least fun!
If you have a bad day, or you make a mistake, you can think of how you can do better, but you should try not to get into that back-and-forth argument with the dark side of yourself.
You are endlessly funny (we all have our own sense of humor, and the best thing about the world is that there are so many different people and we all have our own things that we think are funny.... thus, we never run out of friends!!!)
You've got an awesome face, I love that green jacket on you, and you have some amazing qualities I'm sure you may not even be 100% aware of.
They suit your face quite nicely!
Your smile is infectious as hell, man.
You have a great hat, and your hair frames your face perfectly!
Keep your chin up.
You have such a pretty face shape!
Your body is the most powerful thing in the universe.
Love your amazing body.
Your smile is really wonderful man, keep going and stay confident
Your eyes are very inviting as if I'm an old friend and we have a lot to catch up on.
It helps that they are accentuated by your sharp eyebrows.
Also, never been complimented on my face shape, thank you for all your sincere awesome and unique comments :)
Also, your hair is super cool!
It makes your face look slimmer!
The shorter length works soooo well with your waves/curls!
I'm not good at identifying colors but your hair really pops.
Love the blonde, but your eyes are what draws me in.
Your eyes are beautiful, such an amazing color!
You have a warm and joyful smile!
I love the combination of your eyes and hair!
You're really cute, your hair is adorable and your eyes are so pretty!
And your eyes are so striking!
Your eyes are so pretty!
Also, your hair is rad.
Also, Your piercings are sexy
Looks great and so does your makeup.
It's not your smile.
Your hair is super fun and your smile is charming.
You're eyes seriously melt my heart&lt;3 stay smiling you beautiful stranger.
I'm jealous that you can rock the bald head and beard so well!
Your hair is very cool, your eyes are so pretty, and that smile is stunning!
Don't think you have to force a smile if you don't feel like it in a certain moment.
Keep your head up.
Also, your piercings are symmetrical and I appreciate that.
You have a great smile!
But more importantly, you have a very nice head.
I'd like to rub your head.
You look amazing, can we just rob a bar with your awesome smile?
I'm pretty sure your smile will count as currency.
seeing your smile made me smile back.
You pull off baldness better than Master Roshi Also your smiles infectious dude I'm freaking jealous
It's your life's way of tapping you on the shoulder and saying "change is needed."
You have such a kind smile!
You have very kind eyes an inviting smile!
You have a very beautiful face, like you would be attractive even if you were bald so you'll be fine!
For what it's worth I think your hair looks really pretty.
Even if you had a buzzed head you'd still pull it off.
Eyebrows are on point, glasses frame your cute face well, and your eyes have mystery to them.
Gorgeous eyes and your hair color provides a lovely contrast!
The hair and shorter beard really suit you well.
Your beard is the most majestic thing.
Though your face is good-looking in both pictures, in my opinion.
Your kind eyes look like you'd just be cool with lending a helping hand and your beard looks like you know how to fix a car and do "man" stuff.
Additionally you have incredibly beautiful eyes and that piercing is amazing!
Your purple hair is awesome and your glasses are freaking amazing!
You should feel really proud of yourself for that accomplishment and you have an awesome beard.
Judging by your picture you've probably got a good sense of humor and are a very nice person!
You like like a handsom-er Seth Rogan and your beard is awesome
Won't lie, I'm pretty jealous of your hair, wish i could grow mine like that, good job
But now they can all see your handsome face!
Your eyes are a pretty color!
Keep your head up.
You have nice eyes and a well groomed beard!
Your glasses totally suit your face :) the colour too.
Love how they frame your face!
I'll somewhat skip the no homo bit but that haircut suits you brother.
Someone already mentioned your eyes but damn son, they are really beautiful.
You have reached the Asian level of perfectly conditioned hair in this picture.
I love your hair, I think you really suit glasses and your smile is contagious.
I can't figure out why anyone would turn you down, I know I definitely wouldn't..
A lot of women are afraid of wearing brown but those glasses are a good choice and they mesh with your eyes and hair.
Well Hello you Awesome soul you!
You're glasses are lovely on you and your moustache is very distinguished!
That'd be you, except that you probably have a great personality too!
Ninja edit: I'm too mesmerised by your picture so I kept looking at it, and I noticed a nose ring!
Your head is tilted to the side Recklessly spilling your silken locks The suggestion of a smile Plays across your supple lips Your eyes, so sharp and bright Threaten to crack my screen So I minimize your picture To spare myself the damages Your lovely face may cause
If your personality is as beautiful as you are you'd be so wonderful to know.
Every small act of kindness snowballs into many other positive things that you never even get to see or enjoy.
Love your nose ring.
Could you explain what body dysmorphic disorder is?
I love your hair!
It's a great color - it really fits your face nicely, in a way.
your glasses really suit your face!
you have such a lovely face structure!
Definitely good looking - you have lovely eyes and a bright, infectious smile :)
Plus you look very friendly, you have a positive and wholesome vibe in your appearance.
Another compliment for your cool hair, this time about the shaved part on your right.
Your glasses and eyes are lovely, you've got a pretty face and awesome haircut.
Definitely thourougly adorable :3 I hope you have success in combating your body dysmorphia, because you look like a normal chap to me!
Your face is ridiculously symmetrical and well proportioned.
You could seriously be in a magazine advertisement for glasses, hair, clothes or just simply by rocking all of the above.
You picked out a cool username, and I'm super jealous that you have nice thick eyebrows (mine are almost nonexistent, and I would kill [ok, probably not literally] to have that much brow power)!
Your eyes are beautiful!
You're gorgeous, and to top it all off, you dgaf about what folks say when rockin' that cute outfit (I am terrified to show my midriff because of my weight)!
Your smile is so welcoming and kind.
You have beautiful lips!
Your eyes are really pretty!
And not just because your eyeliner game is strong.
You seem like the kind of human who can carry a good conversation when given a chance.
Love the hair, the glasses, your smile, and confidence.
i absolutely love your figure + fashion sense - you have really a wonderful face, too.
Nine years is a bit of time, but it's also more time to enjoy yourself and get away with some of the fun you might not drag a partner to with both hands.
You have a pixie's mischievous smile to match your eyes.
Revel in that, treat yourself to something you love doing, whether it's making funny faces at bankers on the street, playing sinister bass cello music at the public pool, or reading a smutty romance novel in the park with a thermos of margaretas.
I mean, your eyes... Keep your chin up, sweetheart and continue to be yourself.
You should smile more, you look pretty when you smile.
You wear a shiny blue/teal costume, so the audience can easily recognize the girl with the blue hair.
You have my sympathy for the vicissitudes the world is throwing at you, and the people who are frustrating your happiness.
Your hair is really cool.
Love the glasses on you and the ruffled hair look.
Chin up and keep practicing that generosity, all that good energy eventually comes back around and that luck will spread to your college life as well!
Whatever others say behind your back, to you or about you.
I love that comment someone else said about keeping that smirk on your face.
I love your hair.
And your hair is great
Dude, can your jawline cut steel?
:( on the bright side, you have great hair and your glasses really suit you.
Hope you find joy enough to smile again soon, friend.
Your face looks like it was sculpted by Michelangelo himself.
Your face looks like it was chiseled from stone!
You have a great head on your shoulders and are an excellent pragmatist.
You have a perfect face.
If it is different then what you are used to, it could mean your body has to adjust to the food, meaning you will feel ill.
Thank you so much for all the kind words, I really didn't expect an unenthused selfie to get such nice replies.
Your jawline makes me feel like a bitch to be honest.
It's the only body/mind you have and you deserve health and happiness, no matter the road it takes to get there.
Take some personal time to get your health and happiness back on track and I bet the women will flock to ya, best of luck bro.
You have an amazing smile and you just seem really approachable and possibly very nice to cuddle which are all good things.
Honestly you have the kind of smile it's near impossible not to smile back at!
You look like Black Widow got dressed up to kill a target at a fancy party!
Plus your hair is gorgeous!
you look amazing, the kind of girl that will make me fall in love.
You have this "I know what I'm doing" kind of cool intelligent smile with lovely facial features.
Keep making yourself smile until you can for real because you have a great one.
Your hair is so amazinggg
Your figure, your bone structure, your hair... you're a goddess.
That being said, you look very elegant and regal in that dress.
Where did you get your dress I love it!
I'm sure you have a pretty face and nice body but I can't get past those gorgeous red curls!
U look so much like Justin Timberlake and you have cool hair
You have some great, full, manly stubble, a good looking face, and nicely styled hair.
You got a very welcoming smile.
I don't know how often you smile out in the world but yours is sweet and genuine and maybe give a few of those out and you'll get a few back!
People aren't used to people who smile just for them in *that* moment, you know?
I know it's not easy to know that there will be light and beauty on the other end of it, but I promise you there will be if you grin and bear it until you figure out what needs to happen to make things right with your heart!
You have great eyes (and hair!)
Start sharing that with others and you'll find little pockets of happiness to keep you going!
Bedhead or not, it's real and goes with your face/facial hair.
I love your smile.
You look amazing, never seen a finer red head in my life
You have awesome eyebrows!
You have great hair and you seem like a genuinely kind person.
Second, like hair goals, those waves are beautiful and it suits you, you also have gorgeous eyes and I really dig your nose piercing.
Hello stranger, you have a beautiful eyes color and a really kind expression, also really think your glasses suit you!
Remember that you're very brave for facing that challenge, everyday you go through and manage to get out of the house and still go to study is a great example of strength and hey your style is really on point for college!
This photo, while being a simple selfie.. is art AF.. just the colors, the contrast, the elemets from your nice frames, to the oversized red hood.. to the blue eyes, to your fair skin, to the inner blue of your hood... and the quality is really good.
Also, your hair is so beautiful!
Try not to get it in your head that everyone is judging you (if that is an issue for you).
Plus, even though you've been dealt a rough hand, you're careful and considerate towards your friends about how often you talk about yourself.
You have a cute smile!
I love your big cheeks.
and I really hope you find a way to happiness very soon!
If you wanna build muscle, work out.
You have a good sense of humor!
You have a fantastic personality and made me smile.
Your face has this classic beauty to it like some 1920's movie star.
Your nose is perfect how it is.
Keep your chin up though, got no reason to be unhappy :) Here, this is for [you](
I love your curly hair and your eyes!
You look great and I'm sure you have the personality to match.
You have a great sense of dry humour, and I love the wry smile and red hair!
I can only wish I was half as good at your makeup skills!
Matches your hair and eyes well.
You have a beautiful smile.
You have wonderful hair; so shiny and perfect.
You're stunning and I know if takes a lot to accept the opinion and advice of strangers but.. you're radiant and it seems you have a beautiful personality to go with it.
So you get a bit of crap, and then you get a surprise.. Kinda like shrimp.. Shrimp are a pain to clean and skin and de-vein.. but then you have an amazing meal due to it :D P.S.
With the hair and stubble you remind me a bit of Mark Ruffalo.
Your beard is awesome!!!
I really dig your combo of facial hair, glasses, hair, and clothing.
You have a cute smile and beautiful hair.
You also coordinate with your action figures well.
You look like the kind of guy someone would be proud to bring home to their parents (:
You look like the kind of girl I'd talk to first in a room full of strangers because you look so kind.
May your life be filled with happiness and wonderful surprises.
Plus, those glasses frame your face quite nicely.
Appearance-wise, your orange tinted glasses are cool, and also how your hair nicely matches your sweater in color and texture.
But you have a kind face and I think your hair looks great in this photo :) Its a crazy world and I hope you find some peace in it
Be well, and keep your handsome face smiling!
You have mesmerizing eyes!!
And I'm loving your haircut :)
Your hair, eyes, and lips, look so lovely.
You have such beautiful eyes!
You have seriously nice eyes and a great facial shape
Your eyeliner is perfect and I'm a little jealous!
I absolutely love your eyes, they're incredibly deeply blue and distracting :)
:P You have kind eyes and a sweet shy smile imo.
Beautiful eyes and lips, really nice and tidy eyebrows 😊 she's as beautiful as you make her feel
I love your hair!
Your eyes are crazy beautiful 🙄
Keep your chin up and move forward.
A big hug for you, you are awesome for having faced life head on, taking its challenges, and pushing through them while maintainin a respect and empathy towards others, as evidenced by your wish that others have the same experience as you.
Digging the elegant long hair and the blazer as well, you rock that look.
You look like a badass viking Leif Ericsson kind of guy, who also has a good sense of humor.
Just when you decide to lose weight just do it.
You strike me as the kind of person who would do anything for anyone.
You have such a warm sweet smile :) And I love your hair colour!
You are super cute, and I really like your hair!
♡ great username ;) ♡ beautiful smile - love your dimples ♡ kind, kind, kind.
If you smile at the world like that, I'm sure you've brightened someone's day in your daily life.
You have great hair and a nice smile :D
You have a lovely smile, and you seem like such a warm, kind person.
Love your eye color, you have such twinkly eyes :) Keep your chin up, beautiful!
Your smile is so inviting!
Between your style, hair color, and warm smile, you look to be an amazing person with a great personality.
For one, I dig your outfits and how you coordinate, you seem very well-dressed.
Your eyes are a beautiful color and you beard suits you perfectly.
Your hair looks like silk, and I adore the colour!
your hair is red
Your skin is to die for.
Nothing really matters, so do whatever your heart desires, unless it's morally wrong and stuff.
You look like a kind, friendly face, that I could divulge my deepest secrets to!
I'm sure you'll figure everything out soon, everyone does once you get used to not being in highschool :)
You have such beautiful, lovely skin.
I accutaly am jealous of your eye colour
You're going to have fun no matter how hard you work on your education, so you might as well work your ass off to get as much out of it as you can.
every time I get in this sub and look at your picture it makes me smile.
That's a beautiful and contagious smile you got there.
Don't be so self conscious about your nose.
It, you eye(s), your lips, your facial structure, those EYEBROWS.
I love your nose!
It suits your face.
You are gorgeous and so is your nose.
you have one freakin cute nose
You look like such a nice guy, damn I'd like to trail my hands through that luscious mountain of hair.
Lots going on here: 1) Your teeth are absolutely lovely!
3) Overall I would - honestly - rate your appearance as "genuinely attractive."
4) I'm not sure if it is the B&amp;W filter but your skin is fucking gorgeous!
You have the kind of beard I aspire to, but will never achieve.
I'm so jealous you can do that with your eyebrows!
I have a much bigger nose than you too.
With a beard like that you should be slamming back flagons of mead with Odin in Valhalla!
Your hair frames your face nicely.
love how blue your eyes are!
Girl your hair is gorgeous and you totally have Disney princess eyes.
You have a genuine smile!
Your face is very pretty and I would sure like to see that sort of beauty everywhere!
And your smile is amazing.
You actually look just like my roommate's brother, which is a big compliment because he get's major ass!
What kind of women are you asking out?!!!
You have amazing facial structure and beautiful blue eyes.
You also have a really nice smile.
Hey you look really beautiful don't be too down about the weight.
It's really hard to lose weight when you are stressing and it sounds like you have a good about of stress in your life.
I love your hair :)
:) Your eyes are a unique color, you know?
And what eyeliner are you using?
I like your face and your hair and your Freddy Krueger sweatshirt.
You're hair goes with your glasses.
You have so much personality in your hair, your face, the small smile is everything.
Your legs look super in shape!
Glad you are in recovery, keep moving forward and you will look back on this someday and smile knowing that you beat it!
Your hair looks amazing and that fact that you are asking for some support shows me that you care enough to change and overcome your problems.
Something other than a comment on your weight: you have lovely hair!
I think your hair looks glorious good sir!
I like the green smiley heart next to you in the mirror!
:) Taking a picture with that and your friendly comments here shows you have a nice personality.
PS: Appearance-wise, I agree your waist length hair is great!
Your hair is gorgeous (I'm a sucker for great hair) and your legs, if I may say so, are fiiiiine, haha.
Pale + blue eyes + blonde hair is the standard, and then we have your gorgeous dark brown eyes that someone can sink into.
Strong bone structure and a symmetrical face as well as a jawline you could sharpen a knife on with plump lips.
You have a very pretty lip shape and your eyebrows are better than mine.
You rock that beard really well :)
I really love your hair color as well.
You have a lovely smile.
Great hair, fantastic smile awesome beard you are a triple threat my friend.
I love the your kind of eyes they are the kind of eyes that smile when you smile.
You have such a handsome smile!!
And your facial hair looks fucking fancy.
You are a handsome man with a great smile.
Dude, you look really good, and that smile looks perfectly at home on you even if it takes a bit of a workout.
You are very cute, your smile is lovely!
At the risk of getting banned, I suggest that you try to smile in extreme amounts and tiny amounts, while facing the bathroom mirror.
You have a good smile.
Also, your hair is amazing!
You look beautiful love the eyes.
And you have amazing lips like movie star quality.
But you are right on the edge of greatness don't let this momentary doubt in your heart stop you from achieving what is meant to be yours.
I really like your blonde hair.
Your eyes look gorgeous too :D
I love your hair and how your eyes smile when you do.
You have absolutely gorgeous eyes.
I'd kiss you in a heart beat, but why don't you tell us about yourself?
Your hair is glorious.
Don't listen to the negative voices in your head!
You have such a beautiful, warm smile!
Stunningly so, your smile lights up your whole face, great personality displayed in the photo too.
Hope you feel better soon, that smile will bring out many more around you.
Your smile is radiant and contagious!
Love your hair &lt;3
You're beautiful, your eyes and smile are very welcoming!
You have an amazing, heart warming smile, your eyes are gorgeous and your hair looks great.
You have to follow your heart people who love you will understand and want you to achieve your dreams.
You have a very kind face and nice hair and beard.
Also, you have a nice beard
Your beard game is on point, I have a beard but my shit never looks that neat .
You're lookin good and gettin shit done keep your head up, you got nothing holding you back.
You have an amazing smile and eyes to die for.
Also gurl, pink suits you, i think it really compliments your skin and the dimple is just too cute to handle.
You have stunning eyes, and your dimples are absolutely adorable.
You have a pretty rad pussy!
You have a really kind face.
Awesome hair, beard, tats, cat....yea I'd definitely like to be your friend.
You have a mischievous face and look friendly so go get into some fun mischief :-) something that makes you smile.
Man do I wish I could have a beard like yours lol, you look great.
And it's a good thing you know what you want to do, a lot of people never even figure that out.
Your beard and hair are glorious!
You took this picture with that cat firmly on your shoulders...
Remember a beautiful smile is more than having perfect teeth; it's sincerity, the light in your eyes, the trill of your laugh.
You ARE good enough and you DO deserve happiness.
With eyes like that you deserve to be treated like a queen!
Smile next time you post!
Your eyes are gorgeous and I like your tattoo.
You smile is very sweet and much more beautiful than smiles from other people with "perfect" teeth.
I think your teeth are adorable.
Just know you're a gorgeous girl and I can see the light in your eyes.
Your teeth have personality, please don't think otherwise, and your smile is as beautiful as you are.
*You* chose to move on, *you* chose to stand up for yourself, *you* chose your happiness.
Your smile is beautiful - don't change anything!
The way your eyes shine makes everything radiant!
Notice how people talk, smile and jnteract with you because you are lovable and beautiful.
Let your personality shine!
Your eyes are incredible
Please don't see your self worth through other peoples eyes.
You have awesome hair, kind eyes and a great smile!
You have a lot to offer and you deserve happiness.
You have such a beautiful smile :D
You have an exquisite face.
You have gorgeous eyes and an overall pretty face.
Brodin himself smiles upon you this day.
Your sense of humor and zest for life are coming through loud and clear!
(I mean really, with that manly-as-fuck facial hair, you didn't actually think anyone on Reddit was going to hold a grudge against you, did you?!)
Keep your head up man, we got this.
You have beautiful cheek bones and a sexy jaw line!
Your face is really handsome!
Yours shows the weight of what your thoughts have put you through, but it doesn't take away from your beauty.
You seem to have a kind heart and a desire to be loved.
And I really feel like you're the best at giving hugs, I don't know why- maybe it's that sly look or those genuine eyes but I bet the people close to you really are blessed to have you in their lives!
You have a very kind smile :) This lady gives a big thumbs up.
You have a great beard... can we swap?
One way to start getting rid of the depression is starting to smile more, anytime you can.
And you should because you have a beautiful smile
You have a devastatingly good head of hair, great facial features, and of course an awesome beard.
God damn, we need to get a team of scientists on you to study your hair, that trait needs to be widespread!
Great taste with your hair and beard.. looks like you know how to dress yourself well too!
you have movie star quality eyes and lips.
Especially your eyes, they're hypnotising!
You are lovely and your eyebrows are on point.
Also, I like your hair.
You look like a teenage bad boy heart throb!
Whatever difficulties you have, it's not showing on your face.
I bet a lot of other people get through their own tough times by thinking of your smile.
Eventually you open your eyes back up to the beautiful little things in life and it all gets a bit easier.
I think the natural look for your lips is great because the dark lipstick seems to distract from your other beautiful features.
Keep your chin up and only listen to yourself.
Those people must have broken screens because you are amazing looking, with or without makeup.
I like that you were honest and brave enough not to smile.
I think you look beautiful, and managing that with no/little makeup is definitely something to be proud of.
Wow you have such nice eyes
Your face looks like something from a classical painting.
I hope you feel better, you're gorgeous and have beautiful eyes.
Love how your hair goldens as you follow it down and your eyes and eye makeup are on point.
The braces worked, your smile is amazing.
Your teeth look great brah
The color of glasses you picked suits you really well and your smile is very charming.
Your eyeliner looks sharper than Oscar Wildes wit!
You have beautiful eyes and a shy smile that radiates to me what a kind person you must be.
I couldn't put my finger on it at first, but you look just like the girl from that movie!
Your hair is amazing.
You have kindness and a quiet strength in your eyes, you can get through this.
You have an inviting and infectious smile.
Love your smile, it's very genuine!
Your smile tells me you're mischievous (in a good way) and you look like you have wise thoughts behind your eyes.
I love your eyes and smile.
You look kind and cute and that's a quality hair toss.
Hey there stranger, loving the layers of your shirts, one of the colors even matches your lip tone which is kinda cool!
Also, eyebrow game on point and beautiful eyes, hope your day brings amazing new things do wipe that bad dream away.
Your style and hair are both adorable.
You look like an awesome person to be around, so confident with your smile!
You have such great eyes, incredible cheeks , and nice lips
I love your natural smile and beautiful hair.
I can see a very kind soul in your lovely eyes.
Probably odd to say, but you have artists hands.
Not sure if your anxiety is stemming from physical appearance, but if so you seriously look good.
I love your hair!
Dude you are rocking those piercings, if you always look this dreamy I can imagine people throwing themselves at you!
You have especially nice hair, eyes, skin, and smile.
Your smile is the icing on the cake.
Pff, I don't even know what they said but they are miles away from the truth, you have such a lovely smile and look so cute!
I like your somewhat wavy hair a lot too, compliments your face with that length.
You look like the exact kind of guy to drink a beer with.
Wow, you have super kind eyes
You have a very friendly and approachable face!
Plus your hairstyle is on point man.
Omg you have such gorgeous eyes, they're an incredibly lovely colour!
Your smile is wonderful, and your eyes appear genuine and kind.
Your facial expression reminds me of Simon Pegg, and that made me smile---You seem like you'd be fun to hang out with!
You have the sweetest smile!
You have a great look now, especially the hair and smile.
That kind of mindset leads me to believe that you can work through your issues.
Your eyes are a lovely color!
And as someone else commented, that hairstyle suits you really well.
But your mustache makes me weep, the stand alone mustache is not a look most guys can pull off.
So I dare to say you are a fashionable chap based off the 'stache and the cap.
I hope that most of the world can be more like you one day, and also congrats on the weight loss I am currently trying to lose a few pounds myself so I know the struggle is real.
Your smile is almost infectious!
Your eyebrows are on fleek and (this may not be a compliment but it is to me) you have the most adorable cheeks that I would like to pinch or see blush!
You have such beautiful skin, and I'm jealous of your freckles.
Your eyes are just the most perfect shade of blue :) my favorite color for eyes
This may sound a bit odd, but your jawline is amazing I'm jealous.
Red hair definitely suits you
You have very kind eyes and I love the color of your hair.
it's hard to tell because you look a little sad in this picture but you look like you have a fantastic smile, laugh, and know how to tell a joke and keep your friends laughing.
I like your eye color it's a little different and interesting.
You have very pretty hazel eyes :)
Your eyes are beautiful.
I'd love to see you smile.
I bet it goes all the way up to your eyes.
Bro to bro, you have really nice eyes and your hair color suits you perfectly.
I'm sure your smile would really light everything up!
Not that I'm biased or anything, but I really like your eyes!
Your eyes are just lovely, and the nose ring looks really great on you.
You look gorgeous and I love your dress.
I love the way your eyes smile!!
I love your nose ring and your eyebrows look perfect :).
You have a lovely, genuine smile.
Also you are rocking that beard!
But remember, You are only responsible for your own happiness.
You can't be responsible for other peoples happiness.
Your hair is lovely and the fringe frames your face nicely!
I love the colour of your eyes!
And your smile makes your eyes seems super bright.
Your eyes are big, round, and warm and your features are soft and feminine.
You are absolutely beautiful from your big beautiful eyes to that flowing hair.
Whoa, you have perfect skin!
If you feel insecure about your appearance, that's just pop culture messing with your head.
You may also be comparing yourself to people wearing makeup or who are simply glowing with confidence.
Well I can see why your hairdresser compliments you, you have quite an awesome head of hair.
I like your style dress and glasses are good I think you got a lot of good things going for you for sure :)
Your eyes are big and amazing looking.
Hey, dont let life getting you down, you look like a super friendly dude with that awesome beard.
I'm sure plenty of people compliment you in their heads without letting you know!
Unfortunately sometimes you have to dress too showy and extravagantly to attract audible compliments!
then even out the odds, Makeup + grow your hair
You have a beautiful smile and radiant skin!
Keep your positivity and kick some ass!!
You look pretty feminine to me, your skin looks like silk!
You have an amazing bone structure and your eyes are so pretty!
Second, you definitely don't need makeup to be pretty or feminine, but a little touch of mascara would seriously make your eyes pop, and maybe give you that touch of femininity that you feel you don't have.
Just an idear... but keep your head out and work that updo!
you do have a feminine face!!
I have looked at your face for some time and I now love it and I know if you look long and hard enough then you will too.
I think you have a fine taste of clothing and know what looks good on you, well with a body like that its not hard to make an outfit work really but nonetheless on point.
I also really dig your jawline, makes you have a nice facial structure...and dude, that house is so clean, goals right there.
Your eyes, HOLY SHIT.
Your face has that heart shape to it that is considered classically beautiful, like your cheek bones and jaw line combine into a sort of ethereal delicate beauty, something from a fairy tale.
Your lips are lovely, and I love the shape of your nose!
Sure it isn't a 'normal' shape, but its abnormality against the stunning beauty of your face makes you look like a real person!
No need to worry, your eyes wobble legs.
I am uber jealous of your facial hair!
You really rock that hairstyle.
Looked at the older post and I have to say, while you looked great then, this shorter hairstyle adds a whole new level.
Love the flow of colors in your hair too!
Your hair, makeup and pretty face tell a different, better story.
I can say with complete honest that you have one of the cutest faces I have ever seen.
Seriously, the shapes of your nose, eyes and mouth are perfect!
Your hair is amazing and you are unbelievably beautiful.
Your eyes are wonderful &lt;3
Love you hair :-)
Well you should be liking yourself you have a beautiful face.
Eyes, Nose, lips you are rocking it all.
Hey if you want some more compliments head on over to / I think I tagged it right.
You have A+ eyeliner skills, your hair is perfectly styled, and you have a wonderful elvish beauty to you.
Try to keep your chin up :)
Are you wearing contacts or are your eyes naturally star like?
You look like the kind of girl that would grab a person by the hand at a party and lead them to where the real fun is at with all the cool folks.
Your eyes are absolutely mesmerizing.
If you're this beautiful when sad, you must be beyond stunning when you smile.
You have an adorable, sweet face.
Paired with your eyes, nose and lips you've got a rocking face and one that any man(or woman) should appreciate.
You have the cutest nose i've seen in ages, makes me want to poke it a bit, I also really like the angle and shape of your brows and the way your expression wrinkles curve, makes you have an even sweeter expression.
Looks good, but one common photography trick is to put the focal point (place where your eye is drawn to in the picture) in a different place like a corner instead of near center.
You've also got a kind look in your eyes, very approachable, which means a lot to me as a social phobe.
All that being said, I don't know what this week had in store for you, but I hope you have a chance to let loose, unwind, and put your proverbial feet up this weekend.
You dont have a single bad feature on your face.
Your eyes are especially stunning, and the way you do your makeup is beautiful!
Your bangs suit your face perfectly and your eyes are just as gorgeous.
You're eyes are bright and expressive, and your smile exudes warmth and kindness.
In my experience, any doctor worth his salt will treat this kind of medication withdrawal as an urgent situation that demands at least enough of a script to last until you find a more permanent solution.
Also, you have a confident brow line!
Your body is beautiful.
I don't know, really anything, about Bipolar disorder but you have really kind eyes.
Since this is freecompliments I can tell how kind you are from your eyes, theyre soft beautiful and kind and its probably how you choose to see/treat people as well.
Wish you nothing but happiness.
You have adorably cute dimples on your cheeks when you smile.
Firstly you are still smiling which is good and you have a lovely smile too.
Keep your chin up and you if you need to talk then please feel free to PM me as noone should suffer in silence.
Your smile is warm, your hair and eyebrows are fierce, and your taste in lipstick is on point!
Your cheekbones and eyebrows are amazing!
His jagged and mussed hair is the sort that you would expect from an adventurous fellow, and his eyes are looking off to the right, into the future, ready to face the day to come.
Legs for days, so beautiful and your hair matches your skin tone so perfectly.
I hope you can see, one day (hopefully soon), that you're not big as you say, you body is in good shape, actually it could benefit from an extra pound or two, and that you're really cute.
You have very beautiful eyes!
Honestly your haircut is so creative and they fit perfectly with your piercing.
You're cute, you have radiant skin, and great hair!
Did you grow up in that twilight zone episode where the standard for beauty is pig faced monster people?
I had friends in your shoes, OP.
You will love what they do for your smile and confidence.
You have gorgeous hair, a really cute and friendly face, rad nail polish.
You're doing so well, keep going and keep your head up!
Your hair looks really nice!
You have compassionate eyes.
your hair looks amazing
I love your smile, your dewy skin, and soft-looking angel hair.
Also I love your hair!!
Your skin and hair are flawless!
I wish I had your hair colour--so pretty!
That fact that I notice your pretty eyes before your braces should be a proof that this will not bother anyone much!
You have such an adorable nose!
The fact that you look like Rick Moranis should help with being funny with jokes, always make a smile with a laugh!
You look like the kind of guy most women who draw want as a partner.
If you've ever seen your female friends' sketchbook, or just pictures around the internet, you'd see that the guys are drawn with your hair, style, and facial features.
You have amazing eyebrows!
Also, your hair is beautiful and your eyebrows are slaying my soul.
I know it's mostly a smirk but I bet you can charm a leprechaun with that smile in full force, especially with your genuine eyes.
You have a bit of a Jude Law-ishness to your face :)
Your beard and natural ability to make a beanie and hoodie look good has me jealous.
You have more of a beard than me!
You have a beautiful smile!
You are a fine example how well it works, there's no doubt that this is a masculine face.
Brow god tbh, and your beard looks great!
Your beard is better than mine and I've been physically male for life :(
Good thing I'm a nobody [queue for clapping sounds] You have a really cool French vibe to you and awesome curls.
I love that the turquoise matches your eyes.
You know the good thing about cutting off that much hair?
Also i wish i had your beard!
Your hair really does go well with that hat and glasses.
I personally don't think there's anything wrong with your nose, it's very characteristic, it makes your face you and I like your face!
You have gorgeous eyes too!
You have some of the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen on a woman!
You should never feel conflicted about yourself with hair amazing as yours!
Agreed with the other commenter - your hair looks stunning!
Your brows look really cool too!
I don't know if I should compliment your beautiful flowing hair, your straight pearly whites, your well looked after brows or your nicely shaped nose...
You have cool hair!
Hey there, you have beautiful eyes :)
and super cooler when you smile!!
Aw man, your shirt matches your eye color, you look so cute!
I know how hard it can be to smile sometimes but hey if you keep smiling then I'll keep smiling with you :)
Your eyes have a thoughtfulness.
I'm sure there are a lot of people who smile when they look at you and think about how handsome you are!
And don't beat yourself up over your appearance!
Your hair is amazing!
I kinda love your face.
Your kindness shines right through your eyes and makes you a beautiful person, inside and out.
Plus, you pull off long hair really well - hone it, my man!
The only thing that matters is that you're happy in your own skin, then other people will be happy with you!
Bangs are a bold step in the hair world and I'm proud of you for taking it and rocking it!
You are a unique individual, and I can tell you have a deep heart.
Hey I'm sure you're a kind hearted soul, I can tell from your smile :)
With eyes as pretty as yours, no one has a chance to even notice your bangs any way.
You look beautiful with that hair.
The bangs look good on you &amp; you have beautiful eyes.
Your mom is a blatantly lying ass.
If your reddit comments are similar to your personality; you are an extremely nice person who is interesting and passionate.
Your eyes are stunning and the bangs draw attention to them.
And from your face/neck you look to be in good shape so you must eat right and/or move around a lot.
Adorable little smile you have there!
You look like a kind person.
I like your hair.
It might not seem like much, but your hair is thick and has some niiiiicccceeee volume.
You have a very lovely smile!
The stash + goatee combo really suit you and I like your glasses a lot, they really show through your eyes and the caring glow they have.
I think your smile and hair is really pretty and someone will come along who appreciates that :) don't be afraid to keep your heart open.
Chances are, there's someone out there who could really use that adorable smile from you right now :)
I would kill for your hairline!
You have a pretty smile and kind eyes, you also look super cool... 10/10 would go to a concert with you in a heartbeat.
Wow my man, who'd break your heart?
Your eyes are so nice and big and beautiful :o
Maybe from the front they look sparser or iller fitted to your face shape?
Your hair looks great!
You can keep in contact with your younger brother and the man who opened your eyes to gaming.
Maybe you guys can figure something out!
Keep your chin up.
If you ever need a ear, shoot me a message.
Love those softie tufts around your ears!
Love what you did with your hair btw.
If you two are really that close I highly suggest keeping some kind of relationship going, unless there's some legal mumbo jumbo that says you can't, which I highly doubt.
You just gotta keep enjoying the time you got with him/her, and remember the happiness they feel whenever they see you.
Instead, she'll support you, help you get back up on your feet.
Your face is a punk face.
Your tears should be tears of joy at the fact that you have amazing hair.
I like your face.
You seem like a genuienly kind person!
You have amazing hair!
I'm loving your eyes
As it seems others have said, your hair is EPIC!
Well your hair is obviously rad, but in addition to that you look like a very kind and friendly person.
You have a really nice smile.
The first thing I notice when I see you is your gorgeous hair, your full lips, and your meticulously-maintained eyebrows.
Bro, you have the kind of hair that anime cosplayers fantasize about.
You know people love you for being adorable and because your cheeks look rosy on a face that’s as cute as a button
You have an amazing smile that could light up any room!
In fact, you made me smile too.
Definitely love the hair and you have really nice eyes :) Keep smiling!
Try to use gentle things on your skin until it subsides and avoid hot water., it will make a huge difference.
I really love your hair color and the shape of your eyes!
You have such deep eyes!
As if you were a wise and kind soul :)
First, I absolutely LOVE your hair.
You look absolutely fantastic, and your soft brown eyes certainly complement the rich blonde colour - the only thing that's missing from this picture is a smile ;)
Your nose looks very well-rounded today.
You have a good hair style that goes well with your facial hair.
I agree with the comment about your brown eyes.
You have a great smile, and you're very attractive!
I think your face and eyes are gorgeous.
Your smile looks very friendly and open.
Take a smile with you as you go, and use it in the face of those who belittle you.
Granted I have no idea what your personality is like, but I'm sure if you're not super mean or rude or anything you could probably get just about any girl :)
Your hair looks so pretty and soft, you genuinely radiate kindness and beauty.
Keep smiling, it's beautiful (I needed a pick-me-up today, and your smile helped.
You have the type of smile that people tell their friends about.
Your eyes are so beautiful, they take me to nirvana!
Your face radiates strength, and you have the profile of a leader.
You look swell, Nice glasses, Nice face, Nice attire, Nice personality, What is there not to like.
You are so incredibly sweet with the kindest heart.
Your dimples are beyond precious :3
You have very kind eyes.
I have no doubt that the care you put into the maintenance of your beard reflects in your work and your life.
You look like such a kind, gentle soul.
The way you lean in and have such kindness in your eyes; I feel like your friends would want to tell you all about their day because they know you'd listen.
Are you selling the beard of Thorin?
I'm curious what brand your frames are.
Your eyes tell me you are vibrant and a fighter.
If you never got a compliment it's not because of your looks - I'd like to point out your strong chin - but because the people around you generally don't compliment others, maybe?
You have kind eyes, OP.
You also have a face that seems like it'd hold a huge smile when you laugh.
Your jaw bone is defined and attractive and you're eyes are amazing.You're a verrryyyy handsome and attractive man.
You look like a frontman of a band, like Blink 182, you are very good looking and like you have the whole world at your feet.
You should follow your bud's example and spray paint your eyebrows green.
You have a very nicely shaped head.
But your head is the perfect shape for a shaved head.
You have lovely eyes, nice hands from what I can tell, and you seem confident by the way you're standing!
You have nice eyes though, so you've got that going for you, which is nice.
Your eyes are amazing, not just the shape but the colour, too.
Like that first comment said, your eyes really are stunning.
You are very pretty :) All the best for whatever hardships you're facing.
Your eyes are amazing, van morrison was definitely singing about you
You are really good looking and your eyes are wow.
Your skin is flawless and your eyes are incredible.
I don't post on here much but I felt the need to when I seen your eyes.
u have such beautiful doe eyes and i love your hair you look like you could be a movie character.
Handsome face, but I don't approve of your choice of mobile device.
Also, this is a strange compliment, but you have an aesthetically pleasing neck to my eyes at least.
Your beard is epic.
Your complexion is stunning.
You have terribly pretty eyes!
I truly enjoyed your humor right there.
I love the glasses, they frame your face awesomely and give off the aura of someone who knows what they're talking about.
You look a D&amp;D character who is both badass, relentless and epic on the battlefield (probably with some kind of great axe, or maybe even some wild sorcerer magic), but then a complete sweetheart, totally warm and open chill guy once the battle is over!
I'd say, you have a very friendly looking face.
You have beautiful eyes, a cool beard and majestic hair.
The raised eyebrow makes you look like James Bond, shaken not stirred;)
You look like you would smile in the face of the fiery lords of hell as their demons fall around you, fast and red as if the very sky were bleeding.
You would reach out your hand and a naked woman, ten feet tall on a horse made of lightning would sweep beside you and place an electric guitar made of pure energy into your hand.
You smile again and pluck a single string- filling the world with the sound of an entire symphony.
You look to the sky and smile, your hair crackling with energy and your eyes as white as the sun.
Bet you have a killer smile.
Hit the gym a bit, and stay healthy - you will have a killer body!
No reason to feel insecure about your cosplay, you nailed it!
The new hair is real good, and the glasses add a nice intelligent touch to your "Trust me, I've got this" look.
Your eyebrows are amazing
That's a cool mirror, and your shoulders are nice and wide brah
You have great teeth!
Your skin looks so clear, your smile is stunning, and your makeup is literally perfect.
You honestly seem like that kind of person who could cheer anyone up!
I'd turn my chair just to see your face.
On the bright side, your eyebrows are adorable.
you have such an angelic face if your singing voice matches your face I would probably think I'd have died and gone to heaven :) I hope your voice shows back up soon
You also look like you have a smile that's amazing to the point I'd pay to just watch you smile on stage.
Why doesn't your face ring a bell?
You're obviously a panty-dropping musician but I can't put a name to your face at the moment sorry... please forgive me :(
I love the little smirk you have in the picture, your eyes are beautiful, and your hair is brilliant.
I love your hair!
You're rocking some wicked eyes and great hair, and beard or no, you go out there and kick some metaphorical ass today because you deserve it.
You have hauntingly beautiful skin!!!!
He's a scrub and a fuckboy and he did you the favor of getting tf out of your life before you had to mess up your boot by shoving it up his ass.
Smile more, even if you have to really look for something to smile about.
It's worth it, and you have a nice smile to flaunt buddy.
You have a beautiful smile!
Literally, the combination of your smile and those pretty eyes could light a room up!
You have an approachable kind "rodney dangerfield" look.
Ok here goes... if you want perpetual happiness it requires consistant giving, service, and gratitude.
The look that you have, the angles of your face, and that jacket are fantastic!
From an anonymous redditor to another, I love you, and seeing people like you all over the web, always trying to simply do better, and figure out your place.
and really everything about you the eyes and hair and nose.
The different pieces of your face work super well together, your half smile and eyes (which are like, a beautiful color btw) give note to a beautiful soul.
The beard will grow out, and make you look even snazzier, so don't shave it, rock it, let it do it's thing, and just keep being you.
Pros - Angular features (it's a good thing, your dimples and cheekbones are killin the game) Your eyes - both the shape and the color are F L A W L E S S Freckles - Who doesn't like freckles?
I know you're posting asking for reassurance, but judging from the natural voice that comes through how you write, and your smile, you have a confidence that maybe you don't recognize or believe in, but it's there.
I also love how your lips curl up at the edges like you got a mischievous streak to you!
Rather than keep complimenting your appearance as others have, and have stated better than I could, I looked at who you are from your post history.
You seem to have a wonderful personality, and you are constantly sharing information, and helping the world be a better and more knowledgeable place.
Your smile, your self, and your mind, are gorgeous, and please don't ever take any one of the three for granted.
And your smile is lovely.
You have perfect "smile cheeks," a rare and coveted characteristic among humans.
You have my dream hair--the most perf shade of blonde and that curl!!!
I'm horrible at giving compliments, so I will say this: I wish our culture would get to work understanding, tolerating, and helping manage illnesses of the brain and mind that make you think you have a monstrous appearance.
Woah outside of your apparent attractiveness your style and look says that you have a awesome personality as well.
But really, you've got such a defined and slim face and looking through your post history, you seem like such a wonderful and kind-hearted person.
You kick that ED in the ass!
And thank you for being so brave as to post your pic here, it's a sign that you are already facing your fears and you should be so proud of yourself for this.
I wish I had the confidence to smile as well as you can.
I like your shoes.
Um, you have really nice lips.
Hey beauty, you seem a very smart and nice person, I know from your eyes what are you thinking about, but just believe in yourself, don't care about what people think, you are the best.
Love your eyes, great color!
Also your makeup is flawless and that smile is soo cute!
Your general face structure is lovely and your eyes and makeup are stunning.
And your eye makeup is super cute :)
You're beautiful, and I hope you can feel comfortable in your body soon
You take care of your body and yourself, which a lot of people will admire in you.
I know it's strange but I think you're intelligent, something about your eyes.
A spark in your eyes perhaps.
You have such big beautiful eyes!
You have such deep, loving eyes, sexy lips, and the cutest chin dimple!
Your hair and make up are perfect.
I don't know if you care for it at all but your hair definitely complements your face well.
I like your nose.
You have really clear, beautifully toned skin.
You clearly have a beautiful heart.
Your eyes have one of the coolest and most unique colors I've ever seen.
I love the shade of your eyes so much!
That's one sleek black shirt on you and I love the shape and size of your nose.
If you're not sure what to think of yourself, compliments on Reddit help of course, but nothing wrong with taking the time to have to figure out what you think of yourself.
You have such amazing big beautiful eyes!!
I love your eyes and smile!
You have a sweet face and smile!
You have beautiful eyes!
Your eyes are fantastic!
You have an awesome nose, reminds me of Miles Teller.
I really like your hair, and I get the impression that you're a sort of bubbly person which is always fun to be around.
Stay positive and know that we have your back!
You should feel special, unique.. You're part of the 2% of the population that has those gorgeous green eyes, and i mean gorgeous!
You have that girl next door kind of beauty.
Even dressed down as you are here, you still look stunning and I'd wager a healthy sum that when you smile your face just lights up and your eyes glisten like diamonds.
Life can be hard sometimes, but always remember to smile because you are loved and appreciated.
You guys made me get the biggest smile ever on my face and it won't go away!
Honestly your body is perfect and I'm insanely jealous right now lol trust me, it really is all in your head, you have nothing to be insecure about
I would urge you to smile though, everyone looks better with a smile ;) It looks like you're in some cold weather, your presence makes it a few degrees warmer though!
Wow dude, I am so jealous of your hair colour?
I'm scared to say anything that may be too much but as a 19m you have the best curvaceous body, it's so... 👌
I could definitely compliment your appearance--you're gorgeous.
But, like the other commenters, I peeked at your comment history, and your heart is even more beautiful than your exterior.
You are enough, and you are worthy of kindness and support.
Things do eventually get better - I forget it every time more shit occurs, but people remind me every time and with other people behind your back you'll get back on your feet.
You are literally hypnotizing me with your gorgeous eyes😍😍😍
I'm 20F (straight and also a stick-like body shape) and your body is so hot!
I usually only lurk and don't comment, but something about your photo genuinely made me smile... You look like such a kind and soft soul, it sucks to hear you've been going through a rough patch :( Your eyes are so beautifully clear and it's actually comforting!
Your friends will live on forever in your heart, I know it sounds cliche but it's a great truth.
Not just your everyday kind of beautiful either, I'm talking about some see you in the streets, forget whatever you're thinking, smile, walk home, and write a song or poem about how lucky we are to be on the same planet with someone as lovely as yourself.
Your smile is awesome!
You look like you are such a kind soul.
As a straight female I can honestly say you have a terrific body!
What kind of crazy dude is ghosting you is the real question.
On the lighter sode, your nail Polish is very cute, it's an excellent contrast to your eyes and hair.
You have kind eyes.
As a guy, you actually are a good looking person, aside from the warm smile, you have a jawline to be jealous of.
You have really thick eyebrows and I think that is pretty great!
Your facial structure is actually really nice and you have an awesome jawline!
You look like you have a very kind soul!
I'm sorry to hear things are tough, but keep your head up and keep fighting!
I'm sorry to hear that, But keep your head up and strong!
And as a makeup artist, your makeup seriously is on point and your eyebrows are goals!
Dude, you had a really nice beard, but you still look really good.
You have a nice facial structure, and I want your eyebrows
I'm not a big fan of beards so I'm biased but you look great!
Also now you can try other facial hairs.
you don't know how lucky you are that you can grow that nice of a beard
Dude, your beard was beast (I remember seeing it when you commented on my much smaller one).
You look great without a beard.
If you still aren't comfortable with how you look in a week or so, grow the beard back.
It's not like you pulled out all of your teeth.
I just found this subreddit, you're the first picture I'm commenting :) By the way, your beard is really cool!
2) You look great with or without the beard, so don't sweat it.
You have personality and it shows!
4) As a woman who happens to be partial to facial hair and LOVES the way you younger folk have brought beards back into style: Shaving is not a permanent decision!
If you miss your beard, you can always, through the magic of testosterone, grow it back!
I think you have a really nice face.
And it looks like you would have a very kind and gentle smile.
You have a lovely kind smile and I think you look good :)
Woodchucker vs. Skaterboy Both are cool :) You look like a german/french rapper RAF Camora (or RAF 3.0) without beard.
Your hair is amazing :)
I think you look at least 5 years younger without the beard.
Although I think you look good with the beard.
You have an amazing smile and your face absolutely glows.
A beautiful girl like you doesn't deserve to feel anything but happiness.
Your weight is just fine.
You're incredibly pretty and your makeup skills are awesome.
Your eyes are kind, but so sad.
And your smile is perfect!
im not good with words but guurl, who does your makeup?
keep your chin up and keep smiling :)
You've got great things ahead of you :) Also, I always feel a little awkward complimenting peoples' appearance, especially online, but you are a very pretty person, and your smile is gorgeous.
I like the color and texture, whatever it may be :) Your makeup, nails, and clothes definitely suggest a person with a very keen sense of style!
I hope you find your happiness :)
I love your makeup, I'm just getting into makeup myself and your look is GOALS.
 Your eye makeup looks awesome!
Not sure if I'm more baffled at how someone so beautiful could harm them self, or how amazing your beautiful face is complimented by an equally beautiful personality.
Edit: just realize you have a nice jawline!
My question to you is: Do YOU feel bad/care about your weight/appearance?
I mean personally I couldn't care less what your parents think about your weight etc.
I'm bigtime jealous of your eyebrows and face in general :)
I can show you an example that it doesn't take a stereotypical body to have confidence!
If you need help then I don't mind offering my hand!
Your excellent facial hair and Hogwarts house make me think you are a good guy.
Oh my god you are so beautiful 😍 your makeup is absolutely wonderful!
Your makeup is legit on point.
You are a beautiful person and I'm sure you have a beautiful soul, as well.
Meanwhile, you have a lovely smile and you seem like a very cool person and you brighten up any room you walk into.
I think you look much more handsome without the beard but can completely understand why you would initially feel regret!
It must feel strange to have half of your face covered and then it suddenly be gone!
Don't let anybody take away your happiness.
Something tell's me this is less about your appearance and more about your happiness.
Be concerned about you and your happiness!
You share her infectious smile and amazing jawline.
You have a beautiful smile, your eyebrows are amazing, and your little friend is gorgeous!
Your smile is also super lovely and genuine.
I like your hair, it's real ruffly
You have a brilliant smile.
From your skin tone to your nose, everything is gorgeous.
Your teeth are amazingly white and your smile really lights up your whole face - I also love your dark hair and almond eyes!
I am jealous of your white teeth and confident smile.
How'd you put on all that muscle so evenly?
Remember to breathe and keep your head up, nobody should be allowed to wipe a smile off of your handsome face!
You look like a super gentle soul and I dig your vibe.
Your hair looks like you put a lot of effort into and it looks super cool!
You look cool as all get out, you look adorable, you've got great hair game.
I wouldn't worry for one second about taking my shirt off if I had your body, lol ^^
I'm jealous of your hair.
I applaud you mods of this subreddit, as this seems to be a tough choice, on one hand I would want to exclude people who made an account just to get free compliments, but on the other hand, I don't want to exclude throwaways or people who truly need it.
This picture made me smile :) You look great!
Which can easily happen, so watch the pressure your fretting hand is putting on the neck.
And without proper breathing you rely too much on your throat and vocal chords and strain them.
But with deep breaths and letting the words roll out on your breath as you exhale will release the strain on your vocal chords and throat.
You are a handsome young man with enviable eyebrows, clear glowing skin and a prominent jaw :) Seize tomorrow!
i didn't even notice that - I bet if you hit that 500 cal surplus and lifted some heavy ass weight you'll be breaking too many hearts for your own good :).
Your beard is magnificent!
Dude your hair is so fuckin sick dude.
Teach me how to style your hair!
Dude, I'm jealous of your beard and hair.
I think it's in your eyes.
You're very handsome, and there's a playfulness to you that's very enticing, as well as wisdom in your eyes.
Let her know that there are many people out there who genuinely care about her, including myself, only from reading your post and I wish you and your sister all the best in the world from my heart.
Wow man, your hair is gorgeous!
Including your beard ofc.
Im totally available for DMs whenever you want, I have a feeling that you are the kinda guy thats always so fun to be around just for your sense of humor :3 edit: Illiterate af
You got great facial hair man...not gonna lie, I'm a bit jealous!
Good luck with trying to change your thought patters, I know first hand that can be really tough.
You are hands-down cute as hell.
I literally want the same hairstyle, do I have your permission to show your picture to my stylist?
I love your curly hair!
You have a lovely smile, I hope you have many reasons to use it :) also brain surgery stories are the best stories.
Your beard is so awesome, your eyes are very beautiful lovely color and you look like a really fun caring guy!
You guys saw the beard.
Can I please reiterate dimsim and say your curly hair is amazing.
I like your big expressive eyes!
You got purdy hair *hugs*
I'm jealous about your eyes.
You look like the bro I never had, sweet beard, good sence of humor, a confident glaze in your eyes, bro!
You are very beautiful and have a gorgeous complexion - no need to apply filter or hide it!
you've got very good hair - you would benefit from cutting the sides a lot shorter than what they are now overall you're a great looking dude but I've been around for a while and worked in the image industry so I'm giving you free paid advice - cut the sides very short and keep the top long you'll look even better!
Your eyes are very wonderful, in fact, all of your face is!
You have hair that some women would kill for, lips that us men can't help but notice, eyes like emerald gemstones and a fashion sense that is current and attractive wash away the anxiety - you're hot af and I can tell that's true from any angle despite how you may feel
I like your eyes and your lips especially.
Dude, I envy your beard!
Keep your head held high, I know how you feel, but things do get better!
Your face, that hair, those eyes!
So you gotta start now if you want a head start for when you leave high school.
You are fantastic at balancing towels on your head!
You also have beautiful lips.
You are attractive either way, and I can guarantee you there are just as many people that prefer no beard as there are people that prefer a beard.
And if someone gives you a really hard time just because you shaved off some facial hair you should drop them from your life like a bad habit.
You look amazing, them curls 😍
Keep your head up, go for a walk outside, take a nice deep breath, and look all around you at what we really have!
You have a friendly appearance and a simple, genuine smile.
If it helps, stunningly attractive people like you who are insecure about their beauty make me question if I should worry about my face as well.
Your honesty and your smile and your openness make me feel better.
And even with everything you're going through, you manage to have a genuine smile.
Really a beautiful person and you deserve happiness.
You look like the kind of person I would want to be friends with.
Gotta fix that hair part then you are good to go my friend
You're so cute, and you have warm, kind eyes!
You're super attractive, and your dimples are adorable.
Your smile is possibly the cutest thing ever, I love the way your face is all lit up, and those glasses really fit your face nicely.
And your lips are a beautiful feature on you!
You deserve a happy life, and a healthy life, and a life full of kindness and honesty and love.
Work on the inside you and the outside you will turn heads!
Plus, you have awesome hair.
Your eyes are just gorgeous!
They contrast so well with your dark hair :D I wish you all the success in your future endeavors!
I think it's wonderful that you took a leap of faith to follow your heart and your dreams.
Also, your eyes are so very blue and beautiful!
You have such a warm and friendly smile :) I'm not sure if you were posing or not for the photo but it's such an inviting smile :) I am sorry to hear you are not feeling your best &lt;3 but you are incredibly strong for going through what you have and coming out on top.
I love your eyes.
Man, you beard plus your eyes look freaking awesome!
Also, big plans aren't always gonna work out exactly as you want, but you should still go out there and kick ass.
I like your face shape.
No matter what kind of shelter you help, be it kids, refugees or animals, you're already an above-average contributor to society's health.
Just keep your head up and give it time things will pan out for you I'm sure :)
So with fresh eyes, I'm going to go ahead and let you know that I think you're a cutie!
You have really kind eyes, that's my favorite feature.
I think if we made eye contact in real life I might fall in love with you a bit.
I know it's hard now, but some day soon you won't be pregnant any more, won't be uncomfortable in your body anymore, and you'll look at your beautiful child running around and be so glad that you've done all this hard work.
Look like a kind person, don't get discouraged things will turn around when you least expect it.
I see a sadness in your eyes, dude.
Just keep being you, and the value you will add to others' fleeting journeys in this once in a lifetime chance at experiencing existence will grant you a kind of immortality.
You have such a sweet smile, but it hints a certain sadness.
I hope to see you post back here in a months time and see that your smile has grown even brighter
Girl, your eyebrow game- 10/10
It instantly made me think of that Taylor swift line, "And I got that red lip, classic thing that you like."
You are absolutely handome c: And the hair suits you a lot.
I hope you can back into it and feel that passion while you're playing again.
Not sure how I would have pictured you before the haircut but it sure as hell suits you.
You have beautiful twinkly eyes and a great jaw.
The facial hair suits you well and that hairstyle really brings out your face.
Your eyes are so pretty and so blue and so deep!
It's a confidence booster without shin splints and super sore muscles because you went too quickly to turn your fitness around.
You have a bright smile and look like someone who'd be an awesome friend.
You have the kindest smile and eyes I have ever seen, your entire face is lit up.
Just from that smile I can tell you are a genuine person, I hope your day is great!
Your smile is BEAUTIFUL and made me smile, too.
I have to say, you have a beautiful smile.
You have a very kind, gentle smile and I can tell you are a wonderful person to be around.
Friend, you have a great smile and a genuine look of happiness on your face that is contagious :)
That's a weight off of your shoulders.
Your smile is so huge and loving!
And your skin looks so soft and pretty!
With a skin like yours, why do you feel bad at all?
You have such beautiful eyes!
You have such a good air around you, with a contagious smile.
Your smile made me smile.
You have a nice smile, looks genuine and that you're approachable
I don't know what to think of you, you're so hot that you would be so hard for guys like me to approach, yet your eyes are so kind and make you seem gentle.
Keep your head up and if you ever need a pick me up feel free to message me.
as an almost-flat-chested chick, i would kill for your body.
I feel like you could be the face for an ad marketing something that's supposed to be fun or delicious.
You have an incredibly kind smile!
I gotta say man you have one of those smiles that just makes me want to smile.
You seem like the type of guy that likes to spread happiness and as long as you staying cheesin I don't think that'll be a problem for you.
your skin is so good!
also wow your nose is gorgeous.
Maybe you have someone you can talk to where you are or online to let you wrap your head around any obstacles you might be facing.
Keep your head up and never stop doing what you love.
While you listen to others and provide recourse, and solutions to others; listen to yourself, and listen to your heart.
Your eyes are so deep and soulful.
The way your hair falls against your face and frames it is gorgeous.
Your facial hair looks amazing with them too!
I'm a big fan of red hair, and everything else you have going on.
- Love your hair, redheaded women are so unbelievably attractive IMHO.
Also, losing weight is tough so you clearly have some discipline.
Like the shirt and your hair looks on point man.
I love your stache.
God you are so stunning and your smile is so kinda and genuine, I pray your days get better soon.
You have a warm and friendly face.
What happened, did you not get along with his seeing eye dog?
You have the kind of look that casting agents for movies and TV go mad for.
You have beautiful eyes and very good skin, so you're already way ahead of the game.
There's lots of fun makeup tutorials to try - you can always give it a go on your own where nobody else gets to see the results until you feel comfortable doing it!
You deserve happiness and to look in the mirror and feel good about yourself.
And in this time, a 16 year old boy was taught that there is a pain that exists outside your own body, that still reaches deep into your heart.
This is the pain of your loved ones, the heart breaking, helplessness to the point that it feels like your chest is physically breaking, and the aching pain is all that you feel.
You look like someone who is really good at growing hair.
You have fantastic bone structure and great hair... you're quite striking.
Looking good to me man, your hair looks awesome and I'm not sure what you mean about your skin, looks fine to me!
Keep your head up and enjoy the single life for now.
Your eyebrows and eyeliner alone are stronger than any sort of future I have
Your skin looks great man!
If you had bad skin before, you can't even tell.
You are so, so beautiful, and it breaks my heart to hear that you don't think so.
Your hair is lovely and thick and shiny, you have an incredible, sleek bone structure, and your cupid's bow is the most perfect shape ever.
Love your hair color!
Also your eye makeup omg:) I hope you have a great day!
You have great bone struicture and I would kill for those lips.
Plus your skin is great!
Your hair is awesome!
You look great, and I love your hair!
Having a mellow personality is great in my opinion, just don't be afraid to say what you have to say.
Aye you got fly hair tho.
Also your hair is so full, super envious.
The windows to your soul show someone who is strong, amazing, loving and downright awesome.
Your heart may hurt but I can see you will be very happy.
You have a wonderful smile and I'm sure things will turn back around for you (:
Also you got neat hand writing
None for you :D As soon as I saw you mate, I instantly thought of Stuart Little (yes totally irrelevant smh) because that goofy smile can make my day any day.
Keep your head up!
I'm jealous of that beard and the fact that you even have the balls to ask a girl out.
Let that stuff roll off your back and move on to the next one.
you have a great smile!
In terms of general happiness, find things that make you happy, and pursue them!
You may be feeling depressed, but seeing your smile just cheered me right up!
You have a handsome, friendly face.
You are an amazing man with a huge heart and I am truly sorry life hasn't been going the way you had hoped.
Your heart is made of gold and you deserve happiness.
Your hair style looks great on you, and I can easily tell you're a fun personality to be around.
I think it's beautiful how selfless you are, what a great golden heart you have.
Do you know how many people would have been in your shoes and let those experiences make them a bitter, mean spirited person?
Nobody has your face, your heart, soul, and determination and I know you're not feeling very well but I see all these things just from this post alone.
4 It compliments your jawline a lot.
I personally like your current hairstyle.
Btw, you have really nice skin, man.
If the eyes are the window to the soul, then you have bay windows over looking the sea.
If your personality is half has beautiful as your looks, you're an absolute gem.
Have you thought of growing a beard.
I think the very idea of you posting this means you value yourself and your happiness.
Depression is a medical condition, even if you don't take medicine, therapy is the same as some one with asthma taking an inhaler some times, or a person using a cane for a bad leg.
Best of luck with everything and remember that it gets better, keep your head up and try to stay optimistic.
Remember to keep your head up and spread the love, you'll feel better too I promise.
Hey man are you cheese intended for face-melting cuz you were shredding all over that video
Keep your chin up.
Have a great week and keep a smile on your face.
It's encouraging to know people like you have such big hearts and serve others out of love.
It hurts to lose someone you care about, but that hurt is a remnant of having truly opened up your heart and connected with someone.
The weight of her death on your heart is the same as the weight of your love on hers.
The second one, It compliments your face shape well and brings out all your nice features very balanced.
You will heed my advice because it is coming from a depressed, suicidal, alcoholic, underachieving, procrastinating man who has squandered almost all of the very privileged opportunities he has ever gotten, who has recently started to drag his ever widening ass from out that deep, dark hole and is working to better himself.
It is simple, it is easy, it is just putting your arms and legs in some sleeves.
I just want to remind you what I figured out recently: Saying "no" or "later" doesn't necessarily create the effect I worry so much.
If you know what kind of person you want to be with, make sure you're the kind of person they'd be seeking.
I haven't met her yet myself, but you just gotta keep your head up and get yourself out there.
Keep your chin up; we all move on from each other as we grow older due to differing personalities and circumstances.
You have a lot of time to figure these things out yet.
You'll get back on your feet in no time.
You are clearly a very empathetic person deserving of happiness - which you will get!
Keep your head up.
There will always be a place in her heart for you and you will find someone to make you very happy.
You also look almost identical to a close mate of mine whose a kick ass funk dj so all good, bro!
He (and you) are quite handsome, except I think you have a better smile.
Your teeth are like perfect!
You have a genuinely warm and inviting smile!
You have very kind eyes, beautiful teeth, and those frames fit your face very well.
I would have had no idea about the skin troubles if you hadn't mentioned them.
Your smile makes me smile.
Like someone else mentioned, your teeth are incredible!
&amp; you have that warm look to your face that makes you seem really friendly &amp; welcoming.
so not only do you have beautiful skin, but a great smile and cute glasses to boot??
You have kind eyes and a great smile.
You have a beautiful face, I know men don't like that word to describe themselves but it's true!
You have an amazing smile, and I love your glasses.
Dude, you look likes such a great guy :) that's a wonderful smile on awesome stylef hair.
I like your jacket.
You look like a good guy to hang out with :) have a wonderful year filled with happiness
You have nice eyes, and a pretty sweet beard.
I can't place my finger on why exactly, but you look like you'd be a super fun guy to chill out and have a beer with.
You have very beautiful eyes and your hair is amazing!
You have lovely skin too :) Screw the bullies, none of those people will matter in a few years.
Relax on your looks (I notice there's a filter applied on your face that you DEFINITELY don't need), you are gorgeous!
Also, people that bully you for your appearance obviously haven't looked into those eyes.
You have a cool face, I'm jealous of your ear gauges too, I can't pull that off but you totally do.
You look like a kind person, and I love your shirt, dude!
If you ever need an ear to talk to, send me a PM.
I'm digging the outfit, it's simple but complements your looks :D I think your nose is super cute, it looks like a button that goes "boop" (k I made it weird but that's the best way to describe my feelings lol).
Thanks for letting us see your beautiful face!
I don't want to panic you but, you have holes in your ears.
Your nose fits your face beautifully, there is absolutely nothing wrong with it.
I like the beard, and your face, it is nice.
You have kind eyes.
Don't be down, you're gorgeous and your eyes are very stunning.
Your smile is nice and your eyes are bright.
I wouldn't have ever suspected any gender dysphoria had you not said anything!
I want to run my hand through your pretty hair.
Stand up comedy is all about confidence and character :) Your material is strong, now match it with passion and confidence and you'll kick butt!
 Your hair is so nice!
God I'm in love with your hair!
We have your hand.
You have our hearts.
No matter what, you are here with awesome hair, cool fashion sense, and the support of us all.
You have really warm eyes and great hair!
You are very beautiful and have the right to feel good in your skin.
You have beautiful eyes and great hair.
That 2nd pic with the bird on your head is hilarious and adorable, so you also have a good sense of humor.
You have value that goes beyond your pretty smile.
You were born on this earth an individual, with a unique experience--only you have your amazing thoughts and feelings and brain and body.
As someone with body images issues, I don't have advice about how to get there...but I would consider contemplating where you got the message that "strange" is bad, and that "normal" is the only option.
Your eyes are stunning.
I think you have a beautifully defined jaw line and great hair!
You really do have the face of a famous person :D
Envious of your beard!
Telling yourself one thing you like about your body every day will help, even if it feels wrong at first.
You obviously have a good sense of humour; after all, you have a bird on your head.
Every time you think a negative thought about yourself or your appearance, try to cast it aside.
I can tell, especially in the bird pic, that you have a bright, warm and loving soul, and when you let it out, it can shine through not only in the way you behave, but in physical ways too.
Your warmth and ability to connect with others will affect how they perceive you, and that is the best kind of beauty.
I'm a big fan of your cheekbones, and your eyes.
You have a very warm smile, like a nice warm fire on a cold night.
You seem like you have a good sense of humor.
I understand what it's like to dislike your body but you really have nothing to worry about.
I'm a girl and I would totally stroke your hair all day long.
Your eyes are warm :) They remind me of warm hot coco on chilly days.
I like your rich brown eyes and dreamy wavy hair.
I wish you happiness, productivity and fullness in your life ❤
Dude I'm jealous of that hair keep doing you man!
Chin up bud you haven't even run a quarter or the race yet.
Someone with your skin and eyes posting in this sub obviously doesn't realize how attractive they are.
You're beautiful and I think your best feature is your chin/jaw line.
Like everyone is saying, you have gorgeous eyes and hair and seemingly flawless skin.
You have such a nice smile and clear skin I would kill for!!
I can tell from your picture that you've got a warm personality!
Your eyebrows are on point!
Being uncomfortable with the gender you are physically born with has got to be really, really hard.
I wish you all the strength you need to deal with all the assholes out there who don't understand you because you don't fit into their neat categories.
Let whatever they throw at you roll right off your back.
You deserve safety and happiness.
I'm a decade older than you and still can't rock the stubble/beard the way you can brother.
In fact your face is very well balanced.
You have a mona lisa smile that is so intriguing, and your eyes are very intelligent.
I recommend you take way way more pictures of yourself and practice singing, smiling, and doing your makeup in the mirror.
Trust me, I'm not a makeup and selfies girl either, but it's a really low-hanging fruit that works wonders on your self image.
You have such sincere eyes.
Sometimes, you'll make eye contact with someone and something about their eyes just make you reflect on how they're a real person instead of just an obstacle to walk around on the sidewalk.
You have such healthy hair!
And your haircut looks very nice!
:) (Sometimes when you have a good haircut, people don't notice because it looks like it always should have.
You have such nice thick hair - and it looks so soft!
The cut suits your face shape really nicely.
You have beautiful eyes and a handsome face!
Looking sharp with your new haircut:)
You have a really nice beard too!
You have a great jawline as is, but your beard is really well kept.
I'm also 20 with the last two years sucking cock (female tho), and your pic has popped up on my feed like 5 times now and you're super adorable, those eyes kill me man.
I don't know what your career plans are, but you have a very wholesome and sincere appearance that you could be successful in anything!
You have very smooth looking eyebrows and I can appreciate that
So here is a Haiku Bass was really good Loving it at 1 minute Love all of the beards All of you seemed to be pretty in sync, which is very important.
You have nice eyes!
If you're feeling bad about your appearance, maybe change some stuff to make yourself more presentable in your own opinion.
You have really great hair and you look very kind and approachable :) and according to another post you invent languages?!
Seeing your face made me smile, you have really kind eyes and look like a super genuine person!
I think your smile is very nice, it makes you look approachable and kind.
Your cheeks look like they make hugs better!
You got through it and still managed to keep a smile.
I love how your glasses and lip color match perfectly!
I'm glad you're still keeping that beautiful warm smile on your face despite your hardships!
No matter the stress, or illness, you still greet the world with a smile on your face.
No matter the obstruction or difficulty, just be you and smile because the world will smile back and love you all the more.
Your smile is so kind and sincere, and you seem like the person with a personality that could light up the room.
Your makeup and eyebrows are also on point, and red compliments you very well!
You have a beautiful and genuine smile that really lights up your face and that red really compliments you!
You have pretty eyes and genuine smile.
Keep your head up !
You never know what goes on in some one else's head.
You have a beautiful, Ashanti nose and your eyes are very sweet.
And, if I'm not mistaken, they match your lipstick perfectly, and it brings a beautiful balance to your face that emphasizes your gorgeous smile.
You're assuming it's the way you look but you're wrong because you are pretty and have an amazing body.
your nose/smile/forehead/everything is completely perfect.
Oh my goodness girl I would love to have your collarbones/cleavage.
I don't know who stood you up or why but don't you dare take that to heart!
Your hair looks like my hair.
Also your smile looks like it could light up a dark room!
I think your nose/forehead/smile are lovely.
Like, no lie, hand on my heart, that is legit what I said, out loud, when I saw your picture.
I love your hair!
I love your hair.
I will throw out there though, for interviews, keeping your hair neat (maybe pulled back) and keeping your beard sharp will help.
You have a great smile!
And how you think about that smile is a sign of a great attitude!
Keep smiling, fake it till you make it!
If your sending out that good energy, positive body language, etc, people will be attracted to you.
Find the good things in all situations and you will see smiling comes easier.
And I hope you can smile more with your eyes which makes your soul smile as well.
You have an amazing smile!
You look like the kind of guy I'd get shy around.
I would totally want to approach and talk to you after seeing that smile.
I'll bet there are plenty of people who know you that get the warm tinglies every time you give them that smile, and that look.
And don't be afraid to open your heart to someone again, the risk is worth it when you do meet the person who will make you happy.
You are very handsome and your smile is so bright and happy.
Life is shitty right now, but you clearly have a huge heart, and I think things will get easier because of that.
I hope you're in a better place now and have the support you need to find your happiness.
Don't lose your smile :)
You have the kind of smile that immediately puts people at ease and makes them want to know you :) And you're pretty freaking gorgeous to boot.
Hang in there, OP, and feel free to practice that smile as much as you want!
Don't let brain chemistry deprive you of future happiness.
I really like how you do your hair.
Write down a list of 5 things you want to do but have never done (Read a book at the library, go kayaking, go arrowhead hunting, go ride a horse, play a video game you've had your eye on, go to Wal-Mart at 3am)).
This time to yourself will show you that other people are not a requirement for your own happiness.
I know everyone's going to say how attractive you are (which you are) but it's your smile that made me smile.
You are very handsome and your smile is great so you have that going for you when you decide to enter the dating game.
You mean your smile is out of practice?!?
You look great- hair, eyes, smile- you have the lot, and they will be appreciated by many others too!
Go out and try this smile on strangers and I bet you will get even better at it and it will brighten up their day .
I also love your hair man, not many guys can pull that style off IMO, and you do it perfectly.
I'm not sure what it is but you just look like a nice guy to hang out with, and if I had to guess you most likely have a great sense of humor as well.
Whatever it is you do to your hair, keep doing it, because it looks baller.
I've commented on another of your posts--I still think you're a cutie (even without a bunny) and I still believe very firmly that you are worthy of happiness.
Ok, I can't help myself I was going to say your hair looks so smooth but then my eyes zoomed down to the sink and we have a tree trunk resting there.
This might sound odd, but you look like the kind of person I would love to just cuddle up to and talk.
You have a super fashion-forward look and I absolutely love your hair.
You dress really well!
Do something that effortlessly puts a genuine smile on your face.
Whether that be throwing pennies at hookers, or throwing uncle chips war medials off the bridge, or even painting Bob Ross pictures fully naked with your own body parts as a paint brush.
What kind of music do you like?
My heart goes out to you and I hope you get better.
Especially your beard--it looks like you take care of it.
Love your eye makeup.
It really brings out the beauty of your eyes.
When I think about how important music is in my life and I see someone like you making it with heart and authenticity, it makes me really excited for humanity.
Your hair is a lovely shade of brown.
You look well put together, and caring for your mom tells me you have a good heart.
You got style and I'm sure it comes with an compassionate and funny personality!
Also I would just like to say you are rocking that leather jacket man.
Wow are your eyelashes real?
I hope today is better for you too, I'd love to see a smile on your pretty face
Keep your head up.
You are beautiful and I love your eyes.
You have an amazing smile and I only dream of hair like yours.
Your dress looks so nice on you!
I feel like it really brings out your eyes :-).
You have a beautiful smile.
Your dress makes me smile!
You have a great smile and an overall friendly look to you, and you're pretty attractive and have a great fashion sense as well!
I love your hair!
The first thing I noticed was your smile, thwn your cute dress.
It sounds like you are the type of person who likes to spread good vibes (trying to make strangers smile!!)
So keep your head up and keep moving forward and remember that all the small victories are still victories.
The light is back in your eyes.
That doesn't necessarily make you an asshole though.
:) You have some pretty cool looking hair and your tattoos are awesome.
You have great hair, great eyes, fun tattoos, and not many people could pull off that pose and hat like you do.
You have such a warm, sweet smile that I'm sure it would be contagious.
But you have a beautiful smile!
And your makeup and outfit look super fresh!
Keep your chin up beautiful
Your smile is very cheerful!
You have a beautiful smile and look really smart, too!
Your eyeliner game is on point though.
Lol I love your smile!
You have magnificent hair and eyes and I love your little sad smile.
They have a cat-eye shape from this angle and it works great with your cheekbones!
Keep your head up it will get better.
Just don't let them take control over your happiness and judgment.
Sort things out in your head.
Looks like you take good care of yourself too, your skin is gorgeous and you seem to be in great shape.
hey, i hope you're doin okay stranger, you're going through a shitty time but the fact that you're so worried about your dogs and your family shows that you're a kind hearted person, i feel like youll be ok in the long run, 16 is basically still a baby, just keep your head down, focus on your study and try for jobs at places like a book store where theyre more likely to accept actual resumes.
Well done for not burying your head in the sand and getting ready to tackle this problem, which I'm sure you can do!
Can you put your finger on any particular issue(s) that are contributing to this?
Aw you have a good heart.
Hold your head as high as you can.
That necklace really accents your eyes beautifully, and that lipstick is so you.
Hold your head high and show everyone you see that you're amazing and you know it.
You have a fantastically gentle and sincere smile, I can empathize with you.
You're wonderful, and I sincerely hope you can get your chin up!
Go get some ice cream or froyo with twenty pounds of toppings, read, play some video games, just make today about yourself and your happiness you stallion.
your hair is perfection
Your smile makes me smile
you are my kind of beauty, 10/10 you hit all my boxes.
i love your hair!
its amazing and goes well with your forehead
You have a nice smile.
definitely pretty, love your chin and jawline
Btw, you have such a great smile!
You give off this really positive vibe, and that smile looks good on you.
Those green eyes are absolutely stunning, and I think you have a really nice shape to your face.
Your smile has made my day!
Hoping that you keep smiling like that for a long time to come!
I don't comment here often but I have to say that you have a nice, genuine smile.
You have great hair!
You just keep beaming that awesome smile, you'll have some fantastic birthdays in the future :)
Dude, what do you do with that skin?
You have a very warm smile and kind eyes, you look like a very trusting and inviting person.
Keep your head up man, things will get better I promise 💕
You're hair is so slick and Fonzie level cool, that's all you really need.
;) On a more serious note, you have an awesome smile.
Keep your head high, dude.
You have a great smile, you have nice taste in jewelry and you can pull off outfits that a lot of other women can't.
Lovely smile, and I totally dig your glasses!!
You have such an infectious smile!
Seriously, I couldn't help but smile when I saw your pictures.
Your eyes are very warm, and I love your smile (-: I think you'll get along just fine
Im literally in your shoes right now.
Your smile made me smile!
Girl, you are ROCKIN that nose ring.
You are pulling off that camo/shoe combo.
You must have a good artistic eye.
First let me start off by saying you are one of the most beautiful people I've ever laid my eyes on.
I hope you smile everyday and i hope happiness enters your life for good.
I wish I knew you better so I had more to compliment other than superficial aspects of you, but with that I can say that your are really really pretty and have nice hair.
Your eyebrow shape is amazing!
First off, you have incredibly beautiful eyes.
You also seem like the kind of person who smiles with their whole body instead of just their mouth.
You have lovely eyes!
You have gorgeous skin!
Look at your cheeks!
I literally love everything about your face.
- Your hair is cute.
- Your eyebrows are *bomb.
**I** wish I had your eyebrows!
As a cosmetologist, I just wanna get ahold of your entire face... you've got such a fantastic canvas!!
You have beautiful, unique eyes.
I also love your hair.
And I know this is FreeCompliments, not FreeAdvice, but I read your comment and I wanted to offer my thoughts on your weight issue.
And then there's your weight gain caused by Hashimoto's.
Please try and be a little kinder to yourself when it comes to your body.
Your eyebrow quirk made me smile.
If you're feeling up to it, figure out one thing that can make you happy and really focus on that this year.
It's your body keep doing you, obviously I should insert the "don't let it get out of control" part because that wouldn't be healthy and would only be harming yourself!
You have a great smile and you are rocking that hair!
You have worked your ass off to get to where you are!
Put a warm rag over your eyes when you have a few minutes for a break!
You look like a super cool lady 💪🏻 I wish I could work such a daring haircut
And that smile looks like it lights up rooms or wherever you go.
Just like runners hit 'the wall' during the race and push through it, you can push through this headache and finish your race.
Love your smile and that liner is on point!
Your smile is amazing!
Oh my goodness, your dimple!!!
you have a winning smile and you seem like you'd be fun to curl with!
You have a kind and caring face.
I like your hair and your eyes!
You don't need anyone but yourself because happiness comes from inside.
Keep that chin up and don't let this world keep you down.
You should post another one with a smile!
Your eyes are ridiculous.
Your smile is so warm that I almost feel like I'm snuggling up with a blanket just looking at you.
Those frames are A+++ on your face, girl, that's some great face you got there.
You have very nice eyebrows
I am a guy but I will say you are dressed sharp and immaculate.
Also you have a great body structure I am working so hard to get.
Keep your head up and remember there are an average of one billion potential dating candidates all over the world for you to choose from:)
You've got a great face and you dress sharp.
You have lovely, expressive eyes, and you have great hair!
Your hair is amazing.
I don't know what it is but you seem like you would be an awesome friend, you have the kindest eyes but you also seem the type of guy who would make me laugh soda out of my nose from a risque joke!
You're adorable, you look like a beautiful soul &amp; I'd love to be your friend!
You have a wonderful smile and gorgeous eyes.
You got dumped for being a nice person and having a big heart?
Your eye color is very unique.
Your frames showcase your eyes and fit your face perfectly.
You are very pretty and strong so go out and kick some butt with your kindness.
Keep your chin up and focus on what's important.
the guy is a dick... :( BUT, you look and sound amazing.
:) You have a beautiful face and those glasses look really nice on you.
Anyone that thinks there is such a thing as "too kind" or "too empathetic" doesn't deserve your kindness and empathy.
You have a very warm smile, very inviting.
You need someone who at least values your kindness for what it is 🙂
You dress very well too!
You're a good looking guy and beyond that you have a certain depth to your eyes, like you know something we all don't!
I am jealous of your hair bro!
If not you should pick it up as you have great hands for it!
Take care of yourself and keep your head high, tomorrows a new day.
All you gotta do is show people that beautiful smile and glorious personality and you'll go far.
I love how you've died your hair and you have a great face, but what's missing is a smile!
Not that you can't have these feelings, but you will be 100% more attractive to others with a smile.
I'm okay with the fact that you didn't cut your hair because it looks really touchable -- I bet it's really soft!!!
Your clothes are on point, you seem well-put-together, and I like the little sense of humor you had with the expression on your face.
Beautiful eyes, glowing skin and adorable lips :) don't be so hard on yourself, what you see in yourself is skewed by how you're feeling.
As for compliments I've got to say you have an awesome body type and killer tattoos!
You have beautiful eyes (even though we can only see one) also good luck on the recovery, hope everything goes good for you &lt;3
You work out and dress like a guy who's confident.
I say smile because tomorrow's another day full of its own challenges and you look like the tiger who's going to take them head-on!
Everything will be better once you're done, and along the way, you'll meet people and have moments that bring that same big smile to your face.
When it came my turn to get mine, he handed it to me, shook my hand, and said "Son, I lost faith in you like I'd lost faith in so many other kids.
Apart from your nice smile and figure - I like your style, actually.
I had cut my hair a couple weeks before going to the hospital, and I was waiting for the taxi outside and this old lady passed by me and *yells* out "Oh, my God, you have such a beautiful hair!"
Also I'm jealous or your hair man!
Your smile is great and you just look lovely overall :)
You look like the kind of dude who walks around town and when you make eye contact with them they're the ones to say hi rather than awkwardly looking away.
Like someone else said, love seems like it's worth giving up on a lot of the time, but I can tell you because it's happening to me right now: someone is out there, and she's going to make you smile like and idiot and vice versa.
You look like a really sweet, kind guy with a great sense of humor.
you look really sharp in those clothes and that smile is adorable.
Your smile is so genuine, it makes me smile too!
I get the feeling you're the type of person that I would be intimidated by (because you're cool) but you would be so kind that it would go away :) Also clearly you have a beautiful and sensitive heart because of how you've been responding to people in your thread.
Your smile just radiates positivity.
Your smile is just so sweet and you just seem like the guy who would drop anything for a friend in need and not expect anything in return.
You're 13, you've got plenty of time to figure out who you want to be and make new friends, you'll be fine bro!
Sorry to hear you didnt have the beat night last night but at least now what kind of person she is, you can definitely do better than that!
No lie you look like 80s Obama with trendier hair
Not something a lots of male hear but you sure have beautiful eyes.
You have amazing eyes.
Your dimples are freakin' adorable.
Your face just radiates in this photo!
you look like the kind of guy that makes everyone around him feel happy
I love your smile and the dimple is what caught my eye first.
You have a very friendly and warm smile, and some DAMN glorious eyelashes to boot!
I don't know if it's much if a compliment, but you look like a cool dude to chill with and your smile can brighten anyone's day.
You have an amazing smile!
Got dumped a few times near my birthday (4-4-83) it all works out so fuck it and keep your head up.
You look like the kind of guy who everybody loves to be around with.
Like everyone else said you have a really amazing smile :) I know you are having a hard time, I am gonna start college soon too so I can relate to what you are feeling but as long as you keep moving forward it will all be worth it :) so good luck!
I'm a straight male, but you're hot dude, regardless of this subreddit you look like the kind of guy that can and should be sociable with everyone.
Keep that head held high and you'll find your place:)
That looks like a fly shirt, and you have a very friendly face.
Your hair, eye brows and eyelashes are LUSH.
Keep your chin up- you've got such a friendly smile
You remind me of Ryan Reynolds, but with even better eyes.
You are extremely handsome and have a kind, intelligent face.
Ps your teeth are awesome too 👍🏼
If I know their personality I might touch on that "your sarcasm always makes me laugh" "you can always bring up my mood" "the way you approach and think about things is unique and insightful" But if I know them better usually like "I really enjoy spending time with you" or something along the lines of "your joy is very contagious" "our conversations always enjoyable" or refer back to personality
I find you to be very good-looking: your face shape, your long eyelashes, your perfect teeth, your full lips, and your full hair... People would love to have your looks!
As far as everything else goes, you seem like a kind person and for that alone you should smile.
But your smile is really pretty and you have perfect teeth, plus your full brows and hair look really good on you.
You have an amazing white smile and look like such a genuinely nice guy I would definitely enjoy to talk to!
Keep your head up :)
You have great hear, nice eyebrows, great eyelashes, and a gorgeous smile.
Second off, you have amazingly beautiful red hair.
First thing that struck me about this image is that you are smiling with your eyes.
Your glasses really suit your face shape and show off your cheek bones.
You have a nice smile.
Really, dont care about what your body composition is until you are an adult.
But then you have such perfect skin and hair that it wasn't even noticeable until you pointed it out
That person might see you, even for a brief second as you smile as you pass by, as a beacon of hope in an otherwise lonesome world.
Your smiling face here on reddit is that ideal person.
Also, your skin is something I can only dream of!
You'll absolutely nail the rest of your exams and assignments and graduate with flying colours, just you wait and see!
(okay im biased cause i find red/orange hair to be the cutest hair color) also you have such beautiful eyes and smile and yes things will get better i promise!
Your eyebrows are so cute.
The way you do you makeup really compliments your features, but I feel like you're definitely on that boat of girls that can just wake up in the morning looking flawless.
On the same note, and as others have pointed out, you have awesome hair.
Your looks are fine, but a smile goes a really long way.
Your hair is soo rad!!
Your cheeky smile is incredibly cute.
Don't be to hard on yourself Sydney, just take things at your own pace, I'm sure whoever wrote that note on the back of your phone loves you very much :)
As someone who also has very fair skin, you are going to need to share your eyebrow secrets with me.
You definitely look like someone I'd hang out with, that smile is golden.
Keep your head up, summer festivals will be here again before we know it!
I really like your eyes.
You're rocking the dungarees, you've got the smile of someone who just found double toys at the bottom of the cereal box, and you've got the air about you of someone who is always game for an adventure.
But besides your dreamy hair the best advice I ever got given was not to stress, as cliche as it sounds, you have the rest of your life ahead of you.
that takes a lot of courage to do also you have such beautiful eyes!
She looks healthy and happy, seems like the low points are finally behind her :') or at least close to ;) Now directly to your sister: Keep on smiling, doing silly faces!
I really love the curve of your waist, the thin hourglass body type is to die for tbh.
-fellow lesbian who objectively appreciates your body 💗😊
To sum up, it doesn't change your slender body.
Do people ever ask to touch your hair?
Your hair is beautiful, I don't know if you ombre-d it or if you're just one of those lucky people that the sun does that to, but either way I'm jealous.
However, today is a new day so greet it with a smile (you have a great one judging by that picture) and keep your chin up!
You have a great sense of style and wonderful lips that many would fork out huge amounts of cash to try to replicate.
WOW seriously you're absolutely beautiful that almost speechless, not shitting you love the hair it suits you so well, also your eye color is so neat!
I love your glasses and your hair.
You look like you're straight out of a painting like your facial details are so spectacular also dig your hair Also i swear i saw you on sometimes!, so if you like wrestling you must be cool c;
You look beautiful, love the hair.
cute clothes, cute hair, you got it all.
Your eyes and your smile really makes you look like some hot guy in a movie.
Your bone structure is perfect, oh my goodness.
I'd give a lot to see a pic of smile on your face, after all of these wonderful compliments.
And doubly so if you're a "minority" (and by that I mean *all* sorts of minorities - racial, gender identity, religious) which I cannot begin to know what you're going through but I'm on your side and raising my daughter to be as well.
You have the same color eyes as me it looks like - that kind of blue/green hazel that you want to say you have blue eyes or green eyes but they're kind of both?
:D Love that necklace and your hair really suits your face.
You have a beautiful face &amp; a wonderful smile.
Keep your chin up and lots of fresh opportunities will come your way!
You're job will never bring you happiness nor your home nor money nor anything else that you can touch or see.
This world can be a mean place but there are people like you that fill it with light and peace and kindness.
Working on your self perception and building yourself up in your own eyes is the beginning to being open to accepting love from others.
Until you conquer the darkness inside you, and I can see it in your eyes that you do fight against it, it will not seem conceivable that you could be valuable or sought out by others.
There are a lot of people, of either gender, that you could easily catch sneaking glances at you if you weren't consumed by the doubts and pain inherent to depression.
Just keep beaming that smile, give it your all and you will find your place!
Your skin is so smooth and glowing!
You look like you're a really fun person to be around, like the kind of person that people go out of their way to invite to parties and whatnot.
You look fine by the way and someone would undoubtedly find you attractive, extra points for epic hair.
Like, I betcha your smile starts slowly on one side and is the sort of adorableness that only grandmothers (and Internet strangers) feel fully comfortable commenting on, even though most people probably try to win one out of you.
), just that she probably immediately looked past it to your heart.
It's never what you might have wanted, I know, but being someone's (even unintentional) beard is a huge compliment!
seriously y'all are so adorable .. also love your eyes wow!
Everything about your face screams SPLENDOR , Love the glasses and hair!
cause clearly you look charming &amp; pretty good looking also love the hair and eyebrows!
You honestly got a face of an angel, im so sorry to hear all of that, hope life gets better :(!!
First of all, that eye make up - it's beautiful and accents the light already in your eyes.
Your skin is exquisite.
I'm super jealous because your skin will probably stay amazing as you get older.
Your skin is beautiful, your eyes are perfect (makeup is on point there) and altogether I'd say you're really attractive.
Wow... thats a load of crap on his part... your face is flawless
and that little half smile makes we want to try to make you laugh to reveal the beautiful smile I'm sure is hiding underneath.
What you do have is a wonderful smile, a sharp mind, and a desire to feel better.
This world can get you down if you let it or you can look in the mirror and see that smile and KNOW that you're beautiful.
Happiness comes from the inside not the outside only you can make you happy Op.
You have a really unique eye color, and I love it!
It goes really well with your hair
You don't need shallow people like that , you seem like a cool guy, if your weight really does bother you, try doing something about it!
Your eyes are some of the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen :) he's an idiot for leaving the guarantee of looking into those eyes.
Keep your head up, and work hard at making a life you love.
Don't let him make you think you're worth only the skin that encases you!
You're fighting harder and hard and while giving the world the pleasure of your radiant smile!!
You have pretty eyes and your glasses frame them perfectly!
Also, red hair is 👌 If you like pictures of cats, here is a link to 102 pictures my wife and I have taken of our cat :)
Keep a smile on your face, something tells me you look even more beautiful with one :)
I saw your last post and i was really struck by how beautiful your smile was.
Your smile, while 'bad' to you has told me in 2 seconds that you're a nice person who is very introspective and kind, both awesome traits to have!
And your hair is awesome.
You are absolutely rocking your hair, beard and earrings.
When you walk in a room heads will turn and people will say "that​ dude has got style".
Keep your head up and every day you wake up - know that you are beautiful enough to make the world stop to smile at you!
And your eye makeup is on point.
You are beautiful and brave, keep your chin up
You are super pretty and I like your eyes!
So let's look at you: You have great eyes, nice skin, and pleasant facial features.
You also dress like someone with nice style, have beautiful hair, and make yourself up in a tasteful way.
No one who has the gall to look you in the face and say you're not attractive enough is mature enough to be in a serious relationship.
I like the hair swoosh and your shirt is awesome.
Yo you actually do have a pretty solid smile so don't even worry about that.
The cool thing about hair is that you can try different styles all the time cause it can always grow back.
If you're not feeling your hair then find a new style.
This being said.. you have some great hair and I think you have a lot of potential to grow into it especially as you start to look older
Keep searching and keep your chin up!
Power up soon, alright :) If you are comfortable in your skin, no one else's opinion need to matter.
Things won't stay like that forever, you look totally kick ass and ready to take on the world!
You got super beautiful eyes, overall cute af &lt;3
Some days, your best is going to kick that habit straight in the teeth.
If looks like wherever you are has a pretty gray sky, and since the jacket you're wearing appears to be high-quality waterproof stuff, I'm going to guess that it rains a lot there and that you got that cool jacket to keep yourself dry.
Wow, you are very handsome, all around cute guy in my book...plus that bottom lip is my favorite.
Try to remember that the world doesn't know all the things running through your head and you can tell your story however you want.
First off your hair and facial hair look great, and really match your face.
Not to mention you have a great face shape.
Compliments your face perfectly!
Your choice of style between the glasses, haircut, and clothing all work very well for you!
also you have like really good eyebrows , also the glasses look so good on you and you just have such a pretty face that screams kindness
Sometimes life piles things upon your shoulders, but making it through the heavey times proves how strong you are.
Not to mention your face is 💕💕💕
Only noticed your graceful smile.
You have great lips, nice eyebrows and I love your glasses!
it really showcases your model good looks and your beautiful eyes.
keep your chin up!
Hope your recovery is going alright, I know it can be tough dealing with something that makes you feel "different" than everyone else, but trust me the people that matter won't care about a silly scar, they'll just want to be around that awesome smile!
i'm out of words to describe how goshdarn cute and pretty you are, just WOW seriously if you need anything, or a friend im here for you okay, p.s love the lipstick and accessories , also im seeing you on a few posts on here, that's so nice of you, bless your soul!
You have an adorable face!
Your hair looks lovely and I'm digging the dark-colored lipstick you've chosen.
Is your face is sculpted out of marble?
You have a super great bone structure and skin.
Until I read the caption all I noticed was your smile!!
Everyone will notice your confidence and happiness, rather than that.
For a minute I didn't know what you were talking about, because I was scanning your face looking for the scars that you were talking about.
It took me a while to notice your neck (if that's even what you're talking about?)
Point being is you're gorgeous and people will be too busy looking at your beautiful face.
You have eyebrows that I would kill for, gorgeous high cheek bones, beautiful eyes and radiant skin.
Your eyes are so big and pretty!
You have very full lips
You have nice skin, beautiful eyes, which are nicely accentuated by your glasses (I'm slightly jealous as my glasses seem to do the opposite), and finely shaped lips.
Your skin is flawless.
Also I love your eyebrows.
As everyone else has noted, your scar isn't going to attract attention when there's such a lovely face above it.
You have such nice soft hair and beautiful big eyes!
Your eyes and eyebrows are both beautiful, and you look really nice in glasses.
You have a very kind looking face, and look like a good friend to me.
You look beautiful :) On my first day as a freshman in a new high school, I had to go to school with puffy chipmunk cheeks because I had gotten my wisdom teeth removed 2 days before.
Also you have FANTASTIC eyebrows.
I love your eyebrows, and you have pretty lips.
Your glasses make you look down to earth and kind.
I like your face.
No one will be looking at your scar (which I had to hunt to find) when you got a face like that.
I love the half-sweet half-sassy smile you've got going there, and you have really pretty eyebrows.
You look very sharp, and your bright blue eyes and the nice glasses really help with that look!
You have lovely eyes, and there's elegance to the way you carry yourself.
I kind of took the liberty of peeking to see if you'd posted any other shots, and I saw that you have such a beautiful smile.
Keep your chin up, ok?
You deserve all the happiness.
Your skin looks radiant, you have killer cheekbones, and you have some gorgeous blue eyes.
I'm not going to say I wish you'd smile, because I know how annoying that is to hear, but I bet your smile would really make your beauty shine.
Nice skin tone, awesome long curly hair, and you have good style it seems.
Your eyes are striking and cute!
Listen to your heart and soul.
It will guide you to happiness.
You have a beautiful face, your choice of gold accent and the dark lipstick are so simple yet they compliment you so well it is absolutely striking.
your face is beautiful and your eyebrows are giving me LIFE
if that's your scar on you neck, don't sweat it.
your eyes are lovely.
Don't be ashamed of your body, people who are worth it won't care anyway.
You look like you're a stylish guy, and you have some seriously great hair!
Your hair looks dope!
Ooohhh, yes, the blue/green hair really makes your beautiful eyes pop!!
Your eyebrows are on point as well.
Though, since it's prom, if you're feeling self-conscious about it you could always get a shawl or something that matches your dress and wear that around your neck for photos or whatever.
Your eyes are so beautiful, it sort of breaks my heart to know that most of what they've been doing lately is crying.
But i think you're going to find, at the end of whatever is going to happen with your marriage and as you explore and embrace your gender, that both events will make you grow.
Those platitudes you can buy on fake distressed wooden signs from Target like "LIVE LAUGH LOVE" are sometimes really cringeworthy, but l love this one about [the nature of the arrow](I love your eye color and the hair color as an accent.
Your hair curls so nicely and daintily to rest on your shoulders.
I hope one day you have the chance to show the world your smile because you deserve happiness!
You have beautiful eyes and nice lips.
I think you look very sweet, and I really like your hair.
First off, you got some awesome hair my dude.
And your eyes...well, maybe it's just me, since I love eyes, but yours are very nice!
People must stop you in the street all the time to tell you that you have gorgeous eyes.
You seem like a pretty good lookin' dude (though, you did a good job of covering most of your face in the picture, :P) with a good sense of style.
You have a young face whose eyes look ready to take in the world around you on your journey thru life.
I hope life treats you kind and you find what makes you happy in life.
I love your flowy hair.
I love your hair!
I can't imagine how tough it must be, but I can see a strength in your eyes, and I have confidence you'll push through this and come out stronger and more beautiful than ever - you're already on your way there.
your eyebrows frame your face nicely :-) I'm sure you're a pleasure to be around, keep your chin up.
Hey lady, you're beautiful and I bet there's a beautiful smile that you could have on that lovely face too!
:) Your hair is absolutely on point btw.
Also, I love that your hair matches your eyes.
I love love love your hair.
I see the cute cat but I'm really digging your eyes.
They're deep set (further in your skull), and the result is a mysterious, thoughtful sort of vibe.
Your eyes are gorgeous!
Otherwise I love your makeup and eyebrows.
Your eyes pop a lot more now, which is a good thing, because you have very kind eyes.
The best thing you can do with that read lipstick is show the world just how much of a bad ass you are.
i think that haircut really suits your face shape!
As awesome as your beard looks in the first picture, I have to say that the short hair and beard suit you better
I love your beard trimmed up, and I love that haircut on you!
For specific compliments: I like your conscience, and I love your heart.
I can tell you right now that this sub is likely to go nuts for your green eyes!
Personally, I'm going to compliment you on your beautiful clear skin.
It's amazing what a little trimming can do to a physical appearance and also it can make you feel awesome!
And your eyes are amazing!!!
Also, I'm jealous of your pretty hair lol
You have incredible eyes and great taste in lipstick!
Your smile looks so happy it made me smile.
Keep your head up man and be happy!
Your hair color is awesome!
Your eyes pop out as well; they're stunning!
Your hair color is beautiful and frames your face amazingly well.
Get you a good face moisturizer and you'll be golden!!
Your eyes are beautiful!
Very vibrant, and your smile is lovely as well.
Head over to / and they'll help you out!
New haircut makes you look so good pal!
You got a beautiful smile and eyes, and also have a very sweet disposition.
You've got a gorgeous smile and I love that glint in your eyes.
You look so confident and you have such joyous eyes.
You should feel amazing about your smile!
I am such a sucker for a great smile, and you smile with your whole face which is the BEST.
But I know you can do it because you're the sort of person who takes a selfie in the bathroom when she's run out of toilet paper with this "this-is-the-worst-and-I-pretty-much-hate-everything-but-I'm-still-trying-not-to-smile" look on her face.
So, thank you for making me smile in the midst of your terrible day.
also, you seem very cute, those glasses are adorable and your hair looks fabulous , also your nose is cute as a button, a cute button like one of those well stitched fancy ones, the best buttons.
you got the bone structure of a goshdarn model wow!
You're super super handsome and your eyebrow game is so strong.
What about feeling good about having a roof over your head and clothes to wear!
You have a very infectious smile that makes your eyes sparkle, and your eyebrows are so nice!!
You have such a nice smile and your eyes are so beautiful!
You have an incredibly kind smile, its full of warmth and makes me believe you in turn are a kind human being.
It certainly looks like it was one of your happiest days, just look at that smile!
and good luck for the date, have fun &lt;3 also i see you a lot on this sub, bless you for that, trying to make others smile is one of the nicest things you can do, and i'm sure the date will love that kind attitude of yours xx
You look so happy awh and such a lovely smile and hey if you dislike the way you look, try experimenting with new styles!
I really like your hair and your glasses, you look very stylish.
You look really handsome, especially with your glasses and hair syle!
You look like you are having the time of your life -- and that smile is contagious!
Your face is very clear and blemish-free so it actually suits you and adds a unique touch!
GIRL your eyebrows and that wing.
And I love your eyes.
Dont worry about the mole on your face, it doesnt take away anything from how pretty you are :)
You have amazing eyes and those eyebrows and flawless wings just amplify that beauty!
It gives your face such character.
You have incredibly kind eyes, and I bet your smile lights up a room.
I hope your anxiety subsides, you have nothing to be anxious about when it comes to your lovely face.
Do you do anything to your eyebrows like fill them in?
Your eyes and eyelashes are so pretty!
And don't worry about the mole, I've got one on my chin too, and it gives your face character.
Your skin is also killer; I'm incredibly jealous.
So if you think losing weight will make you feel better then dooo it!
How to lose weight isn't a mystery so focus on having good habits and you will get there.
I didn't even think for a second while looking at your picture that you needed to lose weight!
Wow you're absolutely super beautiful Hair,eyes,nose,lips and glasses are all sooo cute hope you have a beautiful day too, cause i'm sure you make other's days beautiful too
I love your style - the red lipstick, the glasses, and the curl of your hair - it's all great!
Your hair instantly reminded me of yennefer from the witcher, lololol.
I love the glasses, lipstick, and your hair..they give off a retro vibe.
I am in love with your eyebrows.
You have more to give the world than your strong jawline!
If you need to get back on your feet it's okay to ask for help, you deserve it.
Your hair is awesome, you have some envy-inducing stubble going, your eyes are an amazing colour and that's one of the friendliest smirks I've ever seen!
Your face looks so kind and sweet.
I really like the flowing look of your hair, along with the more serious look on your face!
Keep your chin up, dude, everyone's got worth :)
You are a handsome man with a really pretty smile, perfect skin and you're really pulling off that hairstyle.
Holy moly, your eyes o.o they're stunning!
And your dimples even show when you smirk, goodness!
Other awesome things include: - your awesome as heck hair - your beard growing in - underrated: you have great eyebrows You look really nice but also like you have an awesome sense of humor :) Have a great day!
I love what you got going on with your hair and your eyes are absolutely gorgeous.
Just keep your head up :)
Seriously you have the best smile ever!
And your hair looks so good, such a rrlaxed style that actually makes you look reslly confident!
It seems like you've got good style, and I dig your hair.
Because no one as sweet and cute as you should feel crappy for one minute longer than it takes to realize how good happiness is.
I'm glad you're embracing your smile because it's awesome!
You have such a beautiful smile.
You made me smile :)
Why would you not embrace it, that is a smile that lights up a room.
Your smile is gorgeous dude!
Just keep flashing that smile and people will be drawn to you like moths to a flame!
You look really familliar and also I like your jacket.
Good :D You have a great smile dude
Also you have such a great smile, you look like the kinda guy I'd like to hang out with
Your smile lights up the room!
Even if it's not, your smile looks great either way :)
My goodness, your skin is so smooth and golden!
Holy shit man, you should have been sharing your smile with the world from the beginning.
Dude you have a magnificent smile!
I'm riding the bus and smiling to myself just looking at your picture, it's infectious!!!
There is a light inside you that showes through in that smile, enjoy and share that light.
You look like a happy man with an amazing bush of facial hair!
I love your look, and your hair is awesome!
Hey bud, you seem like the kind of friend that no matter what time, you will always come and lend a hand with anything.
Despite my ptsd your smile made me smile.
Your hair is amazing!
Your smile is genuine, and your eyes are very kind.
Hey i'm so sorry to hear all of that, time heals all wounds though, if you need anything we're all here for you &lt;3 p.s love your hair
You do have a great smile!
I think it is because your whole face smiles - especially your eyes.
I agree with all the other comments here - your smile looks warm and very genuine!
And the cute crinkles by your eyes makes it all the better.
Maybe it's the denim jacket, or the preparedness with the layers, or maybe just the trust I feel when I look into your eyes.
You look young with an old soul, and I'd love to have a brew or a blunt sometime
You can't fake the genuine emotion of a smile like that.
You look like the kind of person I would be glad to call friend.
You could customize an over the top response that fits your personality, and just try it on.
I think your smile is fantastic.
I'm a grumpy old cow who walks around with eternal first-chair resting bitch face, and your picture made me smile bigger than I've ever smiled in a long time.
Your smile is infectious.
You can light up a room with that smile :) glad you are embracing it!
You look like the kind of guy I'd like to hug, and also maybe bang (trying not to be overly creepy)
Good, it looks like you have the type of smile that makes other people smile too
I know I'm sorta late but... holy, your smile!
No, honestly, if you're not smiling then not only you but everyone around you is bound to be missing out something.
Dude, you look like somebody who should be in a book titled "How to Smile."
Your free compliment is that that jacket is dope.
Your smile is radiant!
I'm so glad you posted, I bet you put a lot of good into the world, and I hope that kindness is reciprocated to you.
Also your smile lines/dimples make you look SUPER friendly!
You have such a genuinely amazing smile.
Really happy to hear you are graduating :) You are getting ready to go on the next great adventure, and it looks like you are already well equipped with a great smile and shining eyes =) I know this is stressful, and it can't be any other way, any transition that is meaningful in life will not be easy.
Recognising the struggle is half of the battle, get help if you need it, but most of all just keep putting one foot in front of the other, everything everything changes when you just keep going.
If you are having a rubbish body hating day remember this.
Your body is incredible, it is the vehicle you use to experience and interact with the world, it is capable of so very much.
I can see a body worthy of love, I hope you can too.
You have really pretty eyes and eyes say a lot about a person.
I love your face!!!!
also you look great to me, sure if you want you can lose some more pounds, but imo you're already pretty cute, love your eyes btw
You look healthier and your skin looks better in the last picture!
You have super pretty eyes and I love your hair and smile.
you got such a lovely smile!
There's always someone out there to lend an ear or a shoulder, should you need it.
There's always someone out there to lend an ear or a shoulder, should you need it.
Your eyes are a beautiful color, almost light blue/grey--unusual!
You also have enviable lips.
YOU DO IT 100% DON'T GIVE UP NO MATTER WHAT Also don't afraid to seek resources to help you if needed, whether that be a counselor, a program, or just a shoulder to lean on!
If you can beat this you can kick life's ass no problem.
You have a really nice smile, I absolutely love it!
Love your nose piercing :-)
Congratulations on graduating college; you have beautiful eyes!
But it looks like you already figured out what is the right thing to do and why.
You have a lovely smile and seem very friendly.
I also need to add - your eyebrows are perfect.
Your eyes are amazing btw, they're huge and a beautiful colour -- not to mention they look like friendly and kind.
Your smile is so cute too and I love the shape of your face.
You look like that guy a friend brings along to a bar to meet up with old friends You are silent at first and it takes a while for everyone to get to know you, but at the end of the night you're the one cracking all the jokes bringing the smiles to the peoples faces.
Keep your head up, the withdrawals are gonna suck, seek some help to stay on the right path!
Your smile says so much.
I don't know who could make a negative comment about your appearance - you're positively radiant.
The half-rims really frame your face perfectly.
The first thing I noticed about you was your eyes.
They're so bright and blue, they light up your face.
You will too because you're going to kick addiction's ass.
Life is so much brighter without that shit hanging over your head all the time.
You have such beautiful skin!
Your smile has a ton of hope inside it and I think you can pull through this difficult time in your life.
Thats the kinda smile id pay money to see because with a grin like that, i know you are a hillarious guy to be around!
Your eyebrows are such a perfect arched shape.
And I love your facial hair; color me envious.
Your eyelashes are so beautiful, and it makes your eyes so inviting.
I love your glasses and eyelashes!
In fact your whole eye area looks inviting!
Your eyebrows have a nice arch and you give an all around look of friendliness!
You look so sweet :) And your hair looks sooooooft.
Considering how incredibly easy on the eyes you are, I can assure you you won't be single too long.
Well your ex must be a frikking idiot cause you look amazing your face is so cute and the hair sooo nice.
:) You're an awesome person, stay strong and keep your chin up, I hope things get better for you soon!
Keep your head up.
You look so warm and friendly, and I have mad respect for you from the battles you've faced.
Your hair is super cool, but I bet you get that all the time.
Keep your head up, my friend.
Also your hair is pure majesty.
Kindness is the greatest sign of success in my book, and you seem like a very kind person.
Keep your head up.
ETA: Your hair is glorious in the sunlight.
You have great hair!
Use your experiences as wisdom for yourself (and others), take it day by day, and keep that glorious hai hair combo!
Plus as someone who's got pretty obvious scars on my forehead and in my eye, I can tell you that people don't pay attention to those things.
On a less confusing note your eyes are incredible, sad to hear about the accident and I hope you're recovering well.
Remember that when you look in the mirror, you're comparing your 'scarred' face to your 'old' face.
Anyone you meet now who you never met before won't even be able to do that, and anyone who knew you before the accident might see the difference for a few weeks at most, but most people will get used to it (like when you get a new haircut) within a very short amount of time.
In the meantime, just keep rocking your style because there's a lot of fantastic things to notice about your appearance!
Also, your mustache is looking good.
You have a beautiful smile, and a great nose!
:) so listen, I know it feels like a mountain that will only get bigger, but lower your eyes and take a closer look at what is right in front, and make a small step to that.
Keep you chin up!
Your car may be broken but you look like a professional race driver.
Don't depend on anything/one for your happiness but yourself.
Maybe try working towards some kind of dream or personal life goal you had as a kid.
You look like the kind of guy that can really roll with the punches.
33/F you look great with the long hair and beard.
Holy fucking shit dude you look how I aspire to look, your hair and beard are something else
You may want to shave your your shoulders a bit, and pull your hair back so your face shine more.
For what it's worth, you are a handsome man with an impressive beard.
BTW, I wish I had your hairline bro.
If you want someone to talk to I'd be happy to lend a listening ear!
Maybe go to a men's barber shop, get a grooming (and I don't mean taking all the hair off, just a nice trim for hair and beard), get yourself a new outfit that you feel like you look good in, including shoes.
From the sounds of it, you seem to have an idea of what a good or better face, ability, personality, weight, would be.
You deserve happiness, too, and if getting a little help is what you need then you do that.
And for your worries about appearance, the next time you go out please take a really good look around.
Your smile is amazing.
You have some really striking eyes.
Your skin is radiant, you have full lips and I'm extremely jealous of your eyebrows.
You have very kind eyes and that's a huge green light for me.
your hair is so gorgeous and your skin looks amazing.
Your eyes are going to make people hypochondriacs.
You are in no way ugly, you have a beautiful face and your eyes are awesome!
I'll start you off: Full lips, great natural looking brows, and very pretty, kind eyes.
You have - Great lip shape - High cheekbones - Pretty eye color - Good hair (cosmetologist, here...
Apart from your lovely face, you look like you have a great sense of humour.
You have such kind eyes.
You have such clear skin and beautiful hair!
Did you know less than 4% of people have green eyes?
And their olive color combined with your brown hair reminds me of the olive branch: a symbol of peace globally.
Your smile is amazing as well.
It makes your eyes look even more amazing!
Also I love the contrast between your dark hair and your skin, you're so striking looking (in a good way)!
Everything about your face is just so beautiful!
You have one of those contagious smiles that makes other people smile.
The clothes, hair, jewellery and tattoos compliment one another perfectly and you are clearly a cool dude.
Keep your chin up hun :)
That jacket is pretty cool and you have a cool rocker vibe style which is pretty cool.
Keep your chin up!
Your eyes are so kind!
Your hair is such a pretty color and your smile is super bright!
Keep your head up and keep pushing, don't give up!
And I mean even the smallest things, like brushing your teeth in the morning or doing your laundry.
I need to know this Cause I notice When you're smiling Out in the sun, Having fun and feeling free And I can tell you know how hard this life can be, But you keep on smiling for me.
Oh, how I love to see you smiling!
You need something warm to embrace To help you put on a smiling face.
Here's a summary of something that you could smile about: Say, for instance, my girlfriend, she bugs me all the time, But the irony of it all is that she loves me all the time.
I wanna be you whenever I see you smiling!
Your worries and fears become your friends, And they end up smiling at you.
buy stuff (preferably second hand), when you can afford it.
Your hair is great and you have a good body type, nice and solid.
I love your hair and your freckles.
You have James Dean hair!!
Very jealous of your hair btw.
Your red hair just make you eyes look even more intense.
You look great with or without the glasses and you have a joyful and warming smile.
You are a handsome dude with hair I'm envying pretty hard right now!
Keep the hair color, it shows how firey you are for your age.
You have a great head of hair.
I bet when you smile it lights up your whole face.
I think you have a lovely face.
your hair looks really full and nice, like it would be really good to run your fingers through.
I like your hair
I really like your hair, cut and colour and all.
Some silly person takes offense because you show a sparkling personality and spunk.
No one gets to decide how you feel about you and no one is allowed to be in your head unless you let them.
I love you and I believe in you go get em Edit: that hair is not bubblegum pink.
Meanwhile you have a beautiful face and amazing lips!
So obviously I'm a little biased when I say you have a lovely face.
You have unbelievably perfect eyes.
Sounds like you've got your head in the right place, though.
You have an awesome complexion and your eyes are super pretty.
You have really cool hair dude, and you have a hella nice jawline
You grow a really nice beard too.
You have the smoothest skin, the coolest hair, and you seem pretty chill.
Your beard is very well kept and you have kind eyes.
Keep your head high!
What a lovely smile you have.
You have really great skin, a very neat beard and such soulful eyes.
You have beautiful, soulful eyes, and your eyebrows are seriously amazing.
Really handsome face Really short fingers Would love to see you in a dramatic clip with a serious face , taking your glasses off quickly and saying to the camera - "Don't fucking mess with me"
We got your back, bud.
I dig your hair cut and jacket
Oh my god, your hair!
I like your hair a lot!
I love your hair, and the colour of your top really brings out the green in your eyes.
You might be down, but I promise everyhing passes mate - and if we should continue with your looks, that chin!
I wish i had one like it (my chin looks like a women chin -.-) But no, really, people that don't even know you, are taking the time to compliment you - you are special, unique and worth someone's (our) time!
I've been struggling with anxiety as well If you want to talk to someone and help each other out, feel free to shoot me a PM You've got a wonderful smile and brilliant eyes.
You look like someone I'd want to be friends with, kind face, nice eyes.
Also, your hair is pretty much the best.
The only thing that should make you anxious is how your smile is something people dream to see.
Your eyes are awesome.
Your whole face really, there's something about it that just makes me happy.
You almost look like someone famous, but I can't quite put my finger on it.
Also your eyebrows are, how do you say, *on fleek*
So much beauty in one person, even the green shirt makes your eyes pop more and that hair suits you so well!
As a fellow anxiety person, I see what seems to be a guitar on the back, music might just do the drink to get your mind off whatever is causing it, let it flow.
Seems like you are a kind hearted spiritual soul.
Your eyes look so mesmerizing!
And I love the curls and color of your hair!
You paid for something and didn't get it, I'd fight it (not to say your hair looks BAD, by any means, it just doesn't look like the first picture like at all.)
You have a lovely face and you hair is really great!
You have a wonderful smile and gorgeous eyes!
You have such cute eyes
You are just cute as a button, and your hair is adorable and I really like your style.
You don't have to listen to it, but sometimes it's easier to shut it up if you figure out what it's actually trying to protect you from.
Your eyes are stunning they show your kind heart, your hair is just amazing and your smile is beautiful .
The pink tips on your hair look really cool, it's quite awesome
Adore everything about your photo, the plushies, the shirt and the smile!
I mean you should go back and get it done the way you want but your hair is still very nice!
Your eyes are astoundingly beautiful.
You're pretty, love your hair and eyes!
And your eyes, I love the color, they are really really beautiful.
Really, smile and just try to beat whatever is troubling you, I believe that you can do it!
Your hair looks very pretty and natural.
You have really nice teeth man.
Obviously your hair is cool, but I think your best quality are your eyes.
Also you clearly have a sense of humor and are probably fun to hang out with, you can tell by your picture!!
They really compliment your face!
I like the stripes, they suit your face well :)
You have a great smile and I'm not just saying that because I like your glasses
You make Minnie Mouse smile and you're cooler than polar bears.
I think your hair looks good but not like the photo, if that means anything.
You look really approachable, the kind of guy id definitely want to have a beer with.
I know it fixes nothing, but your hair looks really nice as is and quite honestly I like it better than the hair in the photo.
Your smile is so genuine.
I love your hair.
Keep your head up high so everyone can see that smile.
Man, I want your hair.
You have an amazing smile!
 Your complexion is beautiful!
You have fantastic eyebrows!
your smile is wonderful!
You have a very nice smile and you look like you'd be fun to hang out with, kinda mischevious but kind.
Your makeup is in point!
In person, a smile is seen in the eyes, in the tilt of a head, in that moment when you look into the eyes of another with understanding, humor, empathy, connection.
You actually have a sincere, if reserved smile.
Smile more often, the more you practice a genuine smile, you may find more reasons to use it... You got this kid, o btw, I found Waldo... ;)
You have those dark, sensuous eyes that a person can stare at and fall into.
And because no one else said it, you have lovely cleavage.
I recommend finding something that can make you laugh, smiling comes naturally with laughter :)
On the other note theres nothing wrong with the genuine smile you just put up
You got nice straight teeth my dude
I can only imagine how much happiness you must exude during normal hours.
You ROCK that hair!
I like your beard and your eyes.
Your eyes look like chocolates.
Doing it in one session will ruin your hair.
What you have is the seed of a beautiful smile.
You have a good smile :) I love the hair though, gorgeous.
Your beard is awesome.
You have a beautiful smile and I like your nose ring.
Also I like your boob cleavage.
Dang dude, I'm going through something similar (except I'm female and still in school) it's hard pulling yourself up by your bootstraps and to keep on going head first when life throws curves.
Can... can I touch your beard?
Million dollar smile you got goin there bud!
Your wife is effin gorgeous... and what a smile you got there!
You got the eyes of a guru.
It looks like you've lived a lot, and possess some kind of wisdom you know you can't tell us right now about
Bruh good job on getting your degree, digging your hair.
Dude it is a hard ass road and it remains bumpy even at this point ,but your wife is so worth it.
Put your hand on your chest.
Your heart is beating!
I love your lips too.
You both seem like awesome people, I wish you absolute happiness and prosperity for the future.
And my goodness your eyes are incredible.
You will have to grow a thick skin as a part of your job, but take care not to lose sight of the good in people, even as they become abusive, assail your senses with odors of decay, and cover you in excretia.
You might not see that same person in six month's time, back on her feet, graduating from a vocational degree program, volunteering her time with addiction recovery services because an hour with you planted a seed of inspiration.
You are more than just the machinery of your body.
Yes, your body has flaws and vulnerabilities, including an incredibly common dependency response to opiates.
I believe that despite all that you've done and all your self-perception, you are still have a beautiful radiant heart.
You are a handsome man and have very nice skin and hair!
Keep your head up :)
You look great, and not just your hair.
You should be swimming in all types of asian pussy.
You seem like a sweet and sensitive soul and also very brave for posting your feelings.
With that being said, I think you have very kind looking eyes.
Your smile is warm too...not grinning stupidly but not sad looking either.
You are rocking that true red hair and beard combo!
Your face and smile also appear really genuine and kind--like you'd be a good, low-judgement listener &amp; friend.
Your earrings and hair tied back look pretty metal.
At the same time though, your smile and facial feature has this naturally compassionate, generous and welcoming quality.
You seem very approachable, and you have a kind smile.
Your nose is the same shape as mine :) I am self conscious about it sometimes but the overwhelming majority of comments I've received over the years have been that it's "sooo cute!"
You look like the kind of guy anyone can talk to and in my opinion it's one of the best traits.
Might be because of your great nose that gives you a lot of characteristic.
I dont know how old you are but i've learned that the things in my face and body I hated the most in my younger years because people pointed them out to me as strange, are now my best assets!
What gentle, kind eyes you have!
I know it's not much, but you could probably kick my ass.
You'll weather through, you look like a strong soul.
As others have said, you have a super kind look about you.
Plus your eye colour is bomb.
Your skin is flawless and I'd love to be able to rock such cute curls like you!
Keep your chin up, use this as an opportunity to meet some awesome new people and your life will be even better than it was before in no time, I'm sure!
It can be hard to do, but don't let others define how you feel, I know you have it inside to find your happiness.
As far as I can see you have a pretty good appearance.
Your eye make up is gorgeous, teach me your ways!!
I dig your beard, it looks really nice on you!
The best thing you can do is go out and ace those finals, kick some ass.
You have gorgeous hair.
You are beautiful and I love the hair color!
Your face is beautiful and the hair is amazing.
Did you use your lips as the model for Agent 061?
I absolutely love your style and face!
Take care of your body and soul.
Apart from your obviously amazing hair, your eyes are beautiful, your eyebrows are totally on fleek, and you've mastered the smirk.
The way you've got your hair and beard are great!
I'm getting lost in your eyes, they're legit so deep.
I love your style, the frayed red hair and black clothes is really beautiful and then if that wasn't interesting enough, your eyes are so kind and contrast really well.
Long story short, keep your head up.
After you ace your finals (which you will, you know it) you can proceed to break hearts, because good lord your incredibly cute.
When I look at your face, I see someone who has a deeply rich inner life (and a terrific fashion sense).
But honestly dude you're STRONG at heart to fight for your mental wellness.
Five years is a really long time and she probably left an emptiness in your heart.
Your heart will fill up that emptiness with something beautiful in time.
your eyes are beautiful and your hair looks amazing.
dont let some asshole stress you out during finals.
You have a lovely face, and look very friendly!
You are really cute and I love the color of your eyes, they're *very* green!
You look lovely, love the hair colour, love the shirt!
The contrast between your hair, skin and eyes are gorgeous and I'm jealous, and your eyebrows are on point 👌🏼hope you can start to feel better soon darlin.
Your hair looks amazing!
I looked up your past posts and anything I would say to you wouldn't hold a candle to the love your dog has in his eyes for you.
You have beautiful eyes :) be proud of them because there are thousands who would love to have eyes like yours!
I absolutely love your hair!
Your eyes are fantastic!
Your hair is super awesome
I LOVE LOVE LOVE your hair color!
I love your hair, I wish mine was that colour.
Your brows and eyes are lovely, and you have a really nice top as well!
Not allowed to give advice in this thread so I PM'd you, but your hair is absolutely stunning.
Your hair is so stunning, and the glasses you wear suit your face so well!
You're hair looks so beautiful with your skin.
With a smile like that you can't stay down long!
I also love your hair!
Your smile is actually the best.
You have sparkling eyes and your smile is genuinely contagious because just seeing it made me smile.
You look GREAT and they are not even noticeable unless you point it out, so clearly things have changed lately...I might not be as pretty as you but we can both have pretty teeth!
As you learn more about this kind of therapy you might start to fight it.
But you don't know what others had to face, and using other people's lives to compare to the value of your efforts and success is detrimental and demeaning.
If you turn your mind completely to accepting something that is hard, it becomes easier to face the task.
Sounds stressful, and it's stressful because that means you have power within your hands.
Keep smiling though, your smile is contagious!
Do your best, practice in front of the mirror if necessary, and nail that interview tomorrow.
You have a very nice smile and your hair is on point 👌
I only see your sweet smile.
There's sucha genuine warmth radiating from you and your beautiful smile.
I don't know you or your story but it feels like you've earned that smile and glow, through life giving you challenges that only you have the right power and strength to get through and emerge on the other side as an upgraded version of yourself with more love for you and those around you.
This pic just made me smile, you have an infectious grin!
Your smile brightened my day!
Whatever you're going through, know that you're not alone and that you have what it takes to get through it - so keep on smiling.
you look gorgeous, and are going to have fucking "*movie star* teeth" as my dad used to say to me when I had them!
I don't think your smile could get more adorable, but getting the braces off will feel so good!
You are stronger than anything your ex could possibly say to you and you are stronger than any voice inside your head trying to persuade you she's right.
I love your smile
Don't let the undervaluing of your peers get to you too much I have a cousin who is graduating with an engineering degree while I'm STILL pursuing a degree in adolescent education, and so my family has been all over him while I get the occasional pat on the back.
You just need to pummel through this with a smile and thick skin.
Keep your head up man.
Seriously, your smile could light up a dark room!
Good skin, good hair,, symetrical face, and I dig your little mouth (if that makes sense).
Also, this is weird, but I like your nose!
Don't worry at least your smile (although it's great now) will get even better for the final result!
You are taking care of your smile and that is FUCKING HOT.
Your eyes are so beautiful and full of joy!
I'm serious, I know I don't know you but I can tell you have a really sweet and caring heart.
Just take care of yourself and your own happiness.
Keep your head up, my friend.
People spend thousands of dollars to alter how their face looks - with botox, hair transplants, lipo to the chin.... and you, sir, can just BOOM grow a beard or BOOM [shave it] (Enjoy your superpower, dude - and from the pics, it seems your face can do no wrong!
You have very beautiful eyes, get your hair out of your face!
You have beautiful melancholic eyes!
Even though you aren't smiling, I feel engaged by your eyes.
And if you decide you don't like cleanshaven... beards grow back!
I say the same thing to women contemplating a drastic haircut: Do it, and if you decide you don't like it, grow the hair out again.
You look like a sweet, thoughtful person, and maybe it's the Pikachu or maybe it is your intelligent, and expressive, eyes, but I just want to give you a hug.
The twinkle in your eyes indicates that there is much more below the surface than initial impressions may show.
But if you don't like the direction you're heading in it's time to step on a different path and try to change your outlook.
You've got style, good hair, a nice grin, and you will make friends once you find something you're passionate about and tell the world so to speak!
I think you look lovely, cute nose!
Also, I almost feel like I can read your mind because of how expressive your eyes are.
As others have pointed out, I really like your eyes as well - very expressive.
Your nose and lip shape are very cute.
Your lower lip is really full and your top lip is very shapely.
As a man i'm not ashamed to admit that you look rather dapper with that hair cut and facial hair.
Those people like you there for a reason, and its because you do have things about you that people like, which means you have more than appearance on your side.
I can tell from your eyes that you are a caring human being.
the best way I've found to beat self-loathing is to 100% own your appearance.
my hair used to be oily AND frizzy, but now it's beautiful and smells awesome but no matter what you are totally beautiful!!
I would like to congratulate you on your very nearly perfect nose.
:) Your eyebrows are also very nice!
And I think you hit the nail on the head, you're young!
It looks like you have really thick hair and its a pretty color too.
You are more than amazing to see this, and not to let your heart prevent you from making the right decision.
I can see your pain through your eyes.
You are wise, a deep thinker, have a fun side, and a great smile when you use it.
There are things about you that go deeper than hair and akin, and they are what will persist when you're acne clears, and further on when you're skin starts to wrinkle.
I know everyone says things like this, but please try and keep your chin up.
So first three things I noticed: you have a great sense of style, you have perfectly straight, wonderful teeth, and your eyes just seem so vibrant and pretty.
I'm sure you are familiar with red hair being a recessive gene and that is something you should take a lot of pride in!
Also, I'm jealous of your teeth.
And you got a nice set of teeth!
I'm aware politics can be a pain in the ass and is a cutthroat work environment but you got to where you are for a reason and you gotta show that supervisor of yours why he chose you in the first place so there won't be any doubt in his head that you aren't worthy!
You look gorgeous, your skin is so clear and you have a sweet smile.
:) I love your dress/top btw!
You have wonderful hair.
You radiate warmth and kindness with that gorgeous smile and those kind, loving eyes!
So seriously you are losing your hair because you have lots of man juice :D Cant see your face in this one some men look better bald.
You have the most lovely smile and beautiful brown eyes, I can imagine that a smile from you would brighten up anyone's day.
I know you say you're feeling down, but that face looks pretty happy and it's contagious, you made me smile.
You have great hair and a nice smile.
As someone who starting go bald really young, I would have loved to have your hairline.
dude, you got a sick beard!
your gonna stroll into that first class CAF, and cruise right through school like the sick Harley that that beard belongs on.
sitting on the couch is comfortable, letting your mother cook you meatloaf is comfortable, shaving your beard is comfortable, but you know where that gets you??
you have a sick ass beard you bearded man beast!
Woah your smile is incredible!
Also, I wish I knew more girls with the same fashion sense as you, really like that top (at least what I can see of it lol), and your hair is super nice!
your eyes are very pretty.
your hair is amazing!
and you have gorgeous eyes.
:) you look like a kind person, and i hope your day gets better!
Your beard fits your face nicely as well
Soooo jealous of your hair man!
Your hair is everything... From a cosmetologist, you are so well-kept.
You have amazing eyes sir!
And I wanna take a nap in your hair lol
I'm jealous of your luscious locks and well manicured facial hair.
Your eyes are so inviting and such a lovely color.
Before even realizing what subreddit this was, I thought about how beautiful your eyes are.
And you seem to rock the long hair, which many can't do!
Your smile is so kind like I feel at ease when I look at it!
You look like a really friendly guy, who can kick life's butt when needed.
It looks like you put a lot of care into your beard, and it pays off!!
Plus your eyes are amazing.
I'm jealous of that hair and you have one of the most calming faces I've ever seen.
You have great hair and a wonderful smile!
You have kind eyes and beautiful brows.
I can see how someone could easily get lost in your eyes.
You make me want to grow my hair again :)
You have very kind and calm eyes.
You are absolutely attractive, yes But the hottest thing about you is how soulful your eyes look, along with your sweet smile being absolutely approachable =) May you go forth and accomplish greatness!!!
Can you tell a bit more about yourself and problems you faced with recently?
I hope you keep that beard, or let it grow some more, it looks really good on you!
Your eyes are lovely and radiate warmth, and your hair makes me jealous.
Also your nose is fantastically perfect for your face, which I find isn't as common as you'd think.
And as we've established you've got oodles os courage in that strong chest of yours, you'll be just fine in your pursuit of the degree.
That humor is going to give you enough strentgh dude.
You have a strong and compassionate face.
You have some nice hair, man!
You remind me of the long haired but kind of sensitive metal head guys I always crushed on when I was in high school.
There will be other people who I'm sure will appreciate that kind of passion that you clearly have.
I'm sorry things weren't able to work out in your previous relationship, but I'm happy for you that you've found happiness in your photography.
You have a kind face and soft eyes.
* And if you have a sense of humor, then you have a very marketable skill that can get you far.
You look like a really nice guy with very warm, kind eyes.
Stay strong and try to keep your head up!
You are willing to look past first appearance and to enjoy nerdy activities for they actually are.
You are a handsome dude with a big heart.
For example, you might be surprised by how many of your classmates are nerdy at heart but don't have the same courage to express them as you do!
Just keep your head up, people can be mean.
Looking at your eyes, I see someone who has a lot of inner strength and who keeps his suffering bottled inside to protect those around him.
Something else I see in your eyes is determination.
Your hair is perfection and you clearly have great style.
You probably rather keep your own suffering secret because you enjoy making people smile and don't want to burden them.
Think about the kindness and humor you have given to your friends.
Even the picture you posted offers something to the viewer: a sense of light-heartedness and humor in contrast your inner turmoil.
May you find your own happiness when you had already given others much, /-jerome.
Shame to see such a beautiful soul sad, your eyes are lovely, you have a warm smile, such flawless skin and the nose ring suits you so well.
You have an amazing face and look great!
That kind of thing is hard to discern from a photograph, but for some reason (and I may be way off here), you just strike me as a confident person.
Maybe it's just the way you come across in the photo, but you really read as a person who's comfortable in her own skin.
Being able to look at yourself in the mirror and smile at what you see there, that's what life is all about.
You could be an eye model.
You have big brown kind eyes that warm the heart, plus your flawless skin makes your lips stand out in the best way.
I remember the first time you posted, ill tell you again, life is going to pick up soon, just keep your chin up and keep on trucking.
I absolutely love that jacket of yours, put together with a face as pretty as yours, that damn cool nose piercing and hella cute eyes, you have more class than a high school.
I could get lost in your eyes.
Before I read your post I thought it was from , your makeup is done so nicely and I can tell you're a natural beauty :)
your eyes are super pretty in this picture and that jacket is killer on you.
I wish you nothing but happiness and success.
Christy, don't you know I have a weak heart?
The kindness you give deserves some good karma.
How do you get your hair so silky?!
And your skin is FLAWLESS.
You are unique, you are special, you deserve happiness!
I got lost in the chocolate lusciousness of your eyes!
Btw did you know you have a banana stuck to your face?
The best thing you can do is to keep putting one foot in front of the other.
Keep that smile on your face and stay strong!
Your eyes are like the sea after a storm.
Keep your head up, I've gone through so many careers already and if I could tell myself one thing in the past it would be just try things out, you don't have to commit to a career right out of school.
I don't know what you're going through, but I do know you have nice hair.
Keep your head up!
Seriously, I'd kill for that body, you look so good you make me feel insecure just seeing this pic.
Looks like your chest has grown a lot!
Keep focusing on those individual muscle groups, measure and track your progress.
You have the kindest eyes!
Also, I bet you have a great smile hiding behind that phone :)
It's probably been said, but you have incredible eyes!
As well, you have a strong, handsome jawline, and lovely hair :) I'm in the process of transitioning out of high school myself; it's important you compartmentalize what can often be a big mess into smaller parts, and complete them by priority.
This may sound weird, but the first things I noticed were your skin and eyes.
You honestly have such perfect features, you look like you're wearing makeup
Also, I know you didn't ask about this, but you have such great style with your wardrobe, as well as an adorably sweet grin and nice big eyes.
You have a beautiful face and I hope you are sharing it with as many people you can.
You are still smiling and you are treating your feelings with levity.
You could meet so many awesome wonderful people if you use that smile of yours.
Please keep a smile on your face my friend, and know that in the end you'll be happy to have had this experience.
You are an intrepid student with great hair ready to explore the world!
You look genuinely happy, I don't smile often either, but it looks good man!
Don't take it all too seriously and keep your head up.
You have such a friendly smile, I smiled myself when I saw this photo.
I see that you take charge of your identity by going against gender roles - I find that a noble cause and brave.
Your smile looks great!
It's a smirk really, but I bet your full on cheesy smile is ridiculously adorable too.
You should smile in photos more, you are making this lady swoon!
Just keep your head up and don't lose confidence.
Keep your head up and don't ever feel you're alone in the fight to be well.
Your hair and nails are tottaly on point.
I know you've already received a handful of compliments for your nails, but I love the color and the fact that they're painted, they look fantastic!
You'll be alright, keep your chin up.
I think your smile is so wonderful.
My trick was to stop thinking a out the pic and find something nearby, kinda like that loving furball on your chest.
You are young, beautiful, and have a genuine smile which I equate to you being a genuine human being.
And as a cis-woman, I can wholeheartedly say that you rock that hair color way better than I ever could - and for that, I envy you!
I love your hair it's incredible
Take a break to get out of your head--obsessing about it will not help.
I know this has not been a compliment as such but you have a nice face and seem cute, ease up on the pressure on yourself and the ladies in your life and I think you'll have plenty of success.
Basically be the kind, attentive, genuine human you'd like to be in a relationship with to everyone in your life and I think it'll be more likely to happen.
You're cute as a button and you have adorable eyes!
You're the kind of pretty that makes everyone in a room notice when you walk in.
My favorite is your olive complexion, but someone might think your hair or your smile are their favorite (because they're also pretty great) If it's any comfort at all, my husband never kissed ANYONE until he kissed me when he was 25.
You probably are turning some heads:P
You're adorable and you have a nice smile😊
Also your eyebrows are on point.
Be comfortable in your skin and others will notice.
You have a nice smile, cool hair.
Your thighs I like them ❤️
Coming from a straight guy, your freaking eyebrows man.
Its tough, I know because I am dealing with the same thing, but with a face like that you are going to be just fine.
Really love your shoulders too, I see nothing wrong here, keep taking care of yourself and get better soon.
That body carried your heart and mind through 33 years, so yeah, pretty dope body you've got.
You have a nice body.
I like your legs .
Listen, I'm not going to make any comments on your outward appearance.
Don't worry about your body so much.
I lied when I said that I wouldn't comment on your appearance.
Just looking at your face and neck, you look quite fit.
Your hair and facial hair look totally awesome and compliment your facial structure.
You didn't mess up your body.
If you look pretty in a casual selfie, you must look really pretty when you smile and your eyes light up 😊.
Your hair, make up and eyebrows are amazing!
Keep your chin up, just rolling through some harder times.
Also, I would kill for your lips!
You have real nice arms, do you work out?
So, in one kind of way, it's like you won the lottery of life!
Bro, you look healthy and in good shape, I like your haircut too.
You also seem like a kind hearted, compassionate person.
Keep your head up, you're gorgeous and it doesn't seem like you have any reason not to be confident in yourself :)
I freaking LOVE the color of your hair.
Also your lips are 10/10.
Your hair does not make you look old and the color and cut is very flattering on you.
I love your eyes and you have a lovely smile.
Your hair is beautiful.
Your eyes are so gorgeous!!!
Just looking at this picture of you put a smile on my face!
Your nails and hair color go perfect together!
Also you have a great beard!
you matched your lipstick and eyes with your necklace nice job, how old are you anyway?
Bish you be looking fab wit dat haircut you better be walkin down the screet wit confidence, flippin dat bootiful hair in dem haters faces.
The boss will interrogate you, judging your responses, body language, making you sell yourself until he/she is satisfied your the one and eventually you may or may not get the job.
Before even reading your post or looking at the subreddit, I stopped scrolling at your picture because you caught my eye.
It's a good cut and you have a bright face that matches with it perfectly.
Your hair looks really good in this picture!
And I know it's weird to comment on, but I really like the shape of your nose.
If l were you l'd perhaps get a short haircut, put on a fancy shirt and go out for a beer with friends.
Some peaceful quality to your eyes.
 Your hair kicks ass, the color you're wearing is perfect for your complexion, and it would never occur to me to call you ugly!
Great smile, you go, son!
You have a very contagious smile...
From face value, you look like a really sweet person.
Your eyes are so pretty but so full of sadness!
Your piercings compliment how symmetrical your facial features are.
Is that a birthmark on your forehead?
And your lips are so great!
And maybe, like me, you'll be smiling the whole time, remembering the crazy adventures and wondrous journey of self-discovery you too had in these days to come.
*Hugs* Even when you're face I blurry its easy to see that you are an amazing person, and beautiful too.
Your eyes are really captivating!
You have flawless skin oh my god.
You'll be able to figure out which ones you can skip and still maintain your grades to the extent that you'd like, but if you're ever feeling iffy about it you should just go.
Your heart is too big and too full of love- it hurts to see you sad.
Your piercings are well spaced and you have good taste in numerals.
You have the eyes of a Siberian Husky- I know that sounds weird, but they really pop out!
Thought you actually had a camera around your neck at first.
You won't find them right away; you need this time to cherish your independence and heal your heart.
Your eyes are kind.
you have such a sweet and caring face, and very soulful eyes
You have stunning eyes and a sweet smile :) Your tattoos and piercings are also really fun and interesting.
Shrug it off your shoulders.
Keep your head high and remember that you are better than they are and stronger than they are.
I'm sorry you're sad :( I'm also drunk, as it turns out, and you have the most visually striking and interesting features, and your drunk face looks enigmatic instead of confused (how I'm pretty sure mine looks.)
Get your eyes dilated when you can.
That's some weird scratching and scar tissue in your eye.
Oh, love your way of showing your uniqueness with the piercings and that tats, you just seem like an awesome person to hang around with since you're true to yourself.
You look like that cool character in every RPG who has a unique appearance and an awesome background story.
I don't say this to a lot of gals, but I like your head!
I think your glasses really fit your face well, this is a skill I've never figured out but you nailed it.
You also seem to have really nice skin!
Either you are blessed with great genes or you are rocking your skin care regime.
Even though you spelled compliments incorrectly, I can't help but come in here and tell you your smile is glowing.
First of all, your skin is amazing.
Second of all, your eyes are sweeter than the cat's.
You're so cute, and your hair color (I'm assuming natural?)
great hair color, and knowing you are an animal person always makes me beam.
You have very kind eyes!
Your skin is beautiful.
Also, your nail beds are literal goals.
You look like someone I would really get along with 😊 Your caring nature and kind heart beams out of you, and your natural makeup free beauty is stunning.
You have great skin.
I can tell you aren't wearing foundation and it's super clear, beautifully porcelain AND perfectly rosy on your cheeks.
Your hair looks bomb!
Keep on being strong and always remember we have your back.
I think you have a lovely figure.
Your eyelashes look amazing :)
Your hands are especially pretty!
You have a very nice figure which complements you very well, and your style overall is on-point.
Your hair is very tall.
Your skin is so clear, oh my goodness!
Your nose ring is a nice accent on your face, it goes really well with your eyes and hair!
Love the nose rings and your eyes are gorgeous.
I know your eyes.
Your hair is also incredible.
I love how it's almost as if it matches your boldness in the eyes.
Your eyes are beautiful and that mouth is amazing.
You've got great style I love your hair and your nose ring.
Your eyes look like Megan Fox's.
Your eyes are striking.
I bet your smile is lovely too :)
I like you hairstyle and your eyes are really beautiful, even hypnotic.
You are 10000% rocking those eyebrows =)
Your personality from what I can see is awesome and you are great with people (at least over the Internet).
I hope your self-deprecating humor is because you have such high self-confidence, and not because you feel bad about yourself, like the other poster said.
If you're feeling like it's been a shitty day, let it roll off your shoulders.
You have perfect skin, and look popular from where I'm sitting.
You look really cute :) love your eyes!
Keep your head up you are a wonderful person
You have incredible eyes and if things get weird after meeting your online friend, I'll be your new online friend
I aways envy the confidence it takes to rock gauges or short hair, and you have enough confidence to rock them both!
Your eyes look amazing.
And I think you have a warm kindness about you.
Really dig your haircut and piercings!
You got some awesome hair, my friend.
I envy your eyeliner skills, it looks great!
I love the hairstyle, it really suits you :]
you have the cutest nose, and i really wish i could rock hair like yours.
Your cheekbones are fantastic, and I love the little smile of yours in this picture, and how the corners of your mouth just slightly curve up.
Guapo and damn your arms are furry!
Your eyeliner skills are awesome!
You make those piercings look especially good.
Your subtle smile reminds me of happy and carefree times.
Also your lips and braided hair look amazing!
And also, your eyes are pretty.
Remember to share that beautiful smile with others so that you can help them escape their sad days too!
Perfectly-applied lipstick with no smudges that highlights the natural contours of your lips.
Okay so, your eyes are insanely beautiful.
Also, your beard is 10/10.
You have a beautiful face and contagious smile, thanks for being here :)
Awww, well first and foremost you make most guys say "is she single" Chin up, you look stunning and the rest of the world needs to see your smile
You are just stunning, the flaming red hair, Hugh cheekbones, the pout, those gorgeous eyes.
Those eyes, damn dude, you lucked out there haha!
You have an amazing smile!
I don't know where I'm getting this from, maybe your eyes because (like everyone else) I think they are gorgeous, but you look like a really sincere and caring individual.
You have a wonderful smile and I feel you're going to be fine.
Your smile is great you should do it more :D
I am totally jealous of your complexion.
Your brow game is on point!
The shape of your lips, your nose is adorable, the apple of your cheek lifting your eyes and your brows look very elegant.
A smile suits you perfectly.
You have a great smile!
Your eyebrows are amazing!
Your nails are wicked cool!
And you have a beautiful smile.
Keep rocking that smile it suits you well!
Why wouldnt you take pix of ur smiling self??
Plus you have such a warmth to your eyes/smile that make it seem like you would give the bestest hugs =)
You sound like a beautiful​ soul, and your story touched my heart.
Reading your post made my heart ache.
You have such a lovely smile!
Any time is a great time to smile, and your smile is a great smile to have!
Your smile is perfect and dem eyebrows on fleek.
You need to smile more in pictures and smile more in general because you're beautiful and that's an order.
But I think a big factor on that is your haircut.
I'd suggest trying out different hair products to style your hair in different ways to see what looks good on you.
Also go to a hair dresser and explain them how you want to look more grown up.
:) Keep your head up and be well.
Generally, I don't see that as a bad thing as I shut myself out of that kind of crap a lot but here's the thing: it's not great for your health to do that.
With women telling you that you're young and have a baby face?
Not everyone your age can really get that kind of a compliment.
Not to sound like a creep, but you got nice feet.
If you keep up the practice of keeping the benefit of others in your heart, you'll benefit yourself.
Your hair looks very silky smooth!
You have a very pretty face and look super huggable :-)
Someone gave me some career advice: journal about your work experiences so that if you ever find yourself at a professional crossroad in the future, you can read back and remember which occupations complemented your personality and make you the happiest.
On another note, that color looks lovely on you and your eyes are beautiful.
Keep rocking them, and keep your chin up, friend!
Got a smile on your face, a hope in the eyes and the sun also shines somewhere.
You hair has reached Goddess-like status.
You look very cheerful, I've smiled just the moment I saw you!
And you have the cutest smile.
I love the brightness of your smile and you probably really light up the room with it.
Your eyebrows are the first thing I noticed as well as your hair.
You've got a pretty intense look in your eyes.
You have a fantastic smile!
Wow, you have some deep, intense eyes!
It also looks like your shoulders are nicely developed.
You have great eyes.
Bro your smile is awesome and your beard is goals
You will go far combining that with such a strong face.
As others have said, your eyes are lovely.
I also want to touch on your nose, I think it's like, the perfect nose!
I love your eyebrows!
and your facial hair looks nice :) you look smart
You are pretty handsome, nice eyes, awesome goatee, beautiful smile and I think your cheeks are adorable!
Keep your head up!
Smile, sing your favorite songs, phone a friend or someone you love.
I just love the shape of your eyebrows and your lips are so gorgeous!
I think you're very attractive &lt;3 your eyes are wonderful!
I'm glad you posted a second time; it's really great to see a handsome face!
I really like your facial hair!
It's nice and subtle, plus it compliments your face well.
You also have solid, intense eyes.
Again, may not sound right to do that, but it really helps you recover from a broken heart.
You just radiate kindness!
I'm not sure this is the kind of thing for this subreddit...but you do you.
I commend you with the highest praise for working on your body.
Your body looks great!
Let me start by saying, you being the ugliest man in the world is just ridiculous, you are handsome and buff and have a that nice cheeky smile, just because you are not this womans cup of tea, does not mean other women wouldnt want there cup over flowing with you.
So not only did life give you a date to learn from for your next one, but it also recognized this wasnt the girl out there waiting for your kind eyes and cheeky smile to meets hers and turn your insides to mush.
You have a very symmetrical face, strong jawline, great teeth, great smile and kind eyes.
You smile with your eyes.
Just relax as much as you can and let that smile come out, man.
You've got a lot of kindness in your face and any woman who doesn't find that attractive honestly isn't worth your time.
A nice nose that matches the rest of your face.
You're very easy on the eyes and you look like you'd be a really nice person.
You look like a cool dude, awesome hair, winning smile, and I love the pictures on your wall!
Your smile is warm and kind, and I would love to be your friend.
I'm diggin your stache.
Live your life to make yourself happy, and you will exude confidence and happiness that will draw others towards you.
You seem like an awesome guy, keep your head up.
I really dig your hair and you look far from fat.
You have a great smile, great teeth, kind-looking eyes, a really symmetrical face, nice skin.
But second you seem to think you give off some kind of air of being annoying and that's not anything close to what I see.
Don't let that negativity rent space in your head!
You seem like a fun, quirky guy - great smile and very handsome.
Tbh you have a really good bone structure, you are really good looking :)
Neither fat nor ugly crossed my mind looking at your pictures... First I thought "nice smile", then I thought "this guy shows an amazing range of interests and personality in just a few pics".
The challenges present themselves and you figure out a way to beat them.
Plus, your facial hair is totally rad and kind of quirky in a good way.
Your smile tells me you are just amazing.
And a girl could drown in your eyes.
Your skin is amazing and your makeup game is on point.
There may be pain in your eyes, but there is also great strength.
Side note: Your hair is fantastic!
You look so lovely and have a very warm smile!
From the bottom of my heart I wish you all the best.
Dark brown eyes that you could stare into for hours.
I got your back.
You're beautiful, and your smile could light up a room.
And I absolutely love your nose ring.
You look like a very kind, funny and understanding person- just the kind of person who makes me feel at ease in social situations, and who makes for a great friend.
And our stories maybe a little different but I've been in your shoes.
You light up the room with that smile of yours!
Your eyes are captivating and really top off your whole look of genuine sweetness.
The look in his eyes was pure... "psychopath empty evil" the reason I bring this up is because your eyes, even though you're in so much pain, hold the mystery of life in them.
They tell a story of a kind and loving individual who, even if you don't feel it, has some sort of spark to live for.
I wanted to point this out because I feel like even though things are really shitty right now you sound strong enough to tell the world to go fuck itself and find your true happiness.
I'm here if you need an ear.
You're the kind of person who everyone just assumes is poised and put together- you make it look so effortless.
I could see you happily having a drink with a friend at a bar, chatting and laughing about your life, or I could see you giving a presentation to a board of directors and just nailing it!!
I am assuming, but you also look like the kind of person who is constantly moving, constantly keeping all the pieces of the puzzle together.
The cut and style of your hair is sooooo flattering to you and leaves a little bit of mysteriousness as well because of parts of it covering your eves.
Second, I love your makeup!!!
It looks so fresh and wonderful on you and that lip color is simply flawless, you know what works for you and you're ROCKING it!
And lastly I love your shirt/dress again with you know what colors work for you, it simply looks amazing on you.
Overall you're beautiful and it sounds like you've got the heart and mind to match your outside beauty.
You have a beautiful smile, to think we were so close to not seeing it!
Ho yeah, I would also say that your hair is hella good looking and I really like this chin.
You have good makeup and hair skills.
Your nose ring actually suits you.
Your eyes hold so much sadness, but so much kindness and inner beauty as well.
You are so gorgeous 😍 your piercings are awesome!!
Your smile just looks so genuine and kind💕 I'm sorry that you are having a tough time in life right now, but things will get better.
You are so strong, and I'm so happy that you are still here :) I think I'm stepping forward but my world moves in reverse Everyone else is doing fine as though their lives have been rehearsed But if I look between the lines I know that I'll be fine Because while others might feel stuck I know that right now is my time Though I'm living in my car, at least I am not tethered down A new chapter is beginning even if it's from the ground I'll step out in the Sun and feel its warmth caress my skin And let the numbness pass to find that my strength comes from within That I am not a coward nor a wimp for what I did I'm stronger than I think because I am on my second wind My faith has been depleting but here again I stand Knowing that my worth is not discovered in a man So here I take it one day at a time, knowing that my future's there And if I look a little deeper I'll see that people care Because I'm worth it, I deserve it, I will fight for what is mine My life is special, priceless even, Yes, I know that I'll be fine.
You can't really be tuned into all the happiness and fun everyone else seems to come by so easily.
Keep your head up.
You are a beautiful woman with a very kind smile and wonderful dimples.
You have such a pretty face but I know you're so much more than that, you don't have to be constantly stoned or drunk, break the cycle and live your life.
Life can push hard sometimes, and I can see in your kind eyes it's not the first time that it has.
Fuck what the world say, dress however you want.
Don't want to overstep my bounds here, but your belly and legs are PERFECT.
Be proud of your body; yours is a treasure!
You care about other people and are in every way a credit to the human race.
You have a brave smile that flies in the face of whatever it is that's got you down.
When you get back on feet, the usual 1st world problems will seem so not serious and easily solvable.
It's a shame too because you have a fantastic smile that the world should see as often as possible!
Oh wow, your eyes are stunning!
Keep holding your head high and staying positive.
Damn your makeup is on point!
Not only do you have an incredibly sweet smile, but you look like someone who would be fun to hang out with because your style is adventurous.
There are a ton of tools to help fight anxiety when it strikes, and I hope your mind finds peace and your soul finds happiness in your new direction!
And hey, i gotta say you pull off the shaved head thing-- that doesn't always happen.
You'll figure it out as you go along, that's what everyone does!
I love your hair and red look really good on you :D
Keep your head up, stay strong, stay positive, everyone has it in them to succeed.
So maybe I'm biased when I say I love your style, but seriously, you're rocking every inch of that look :) and props to you for keeping on smiling through the stressful times.
To be nervous is expected but don't etc it blind you from the good things coming your way, it's going to be a dope ass job and you'll be making some amazing memories.
You have such incredibly kind eyes, I would hope that people around you would treat you the same way I am sure you treat them.
I don't usually chain compliments like this, but I have to give you another one because your hair is really fantastic :D
That tattoo is super dope, and your eyes are incredibly stunning.
Your radiant smile says otherwise, and you're not crazy, it sucks ass to be young in the world right now.
Just keep your chin up, make yourself *earn* the vices instead of *need* them, and move forward!
Some people take us for granted, but remember that you are the most important person in your own life, find things you like, enjoy yourself, continue to be caring to others, you will find people that know your worth, it is hard sometimes but you will get through it, I can tell you are tough by the awesome ink, and I also really love your hair.
Finally, you kicked drug addiction’s ass.
I love your makeup!
Your smile makes you so approachable.
Your eyes are gorgeous💕💕💕💕💕
I really like this, I like metal and I find your album very engaging and enjoyable, I'm sharing with my metal head friends now.
You are an awesome person, your eyes are gorgeous, and the nerdiness is on point!
Eyes that will help you one day.
That day might not be today, but some day in the future you'll look back at this point in your life and smile.
Because you did not let circumstances dim the the life in your eyes.
I really like your eyebrows!
I also love your smile
Hey, has anyone ever mentioned to you that you have an incredible jawline?
I absolutely love your eyes and you look like such a fun person to hang with!
Plus, your not to bad on the eyes.
Your eyes are stunning!
Keep your chin up.
You have beautiful hair and a genuine smile, and the owl cushion in the background confirms that you also have impeccable taste!
Ill bet your smile really makes those deep blues pop.
I love your freckles!
I know it may not seem much, but from first impressions you look like such a nice kind guy, someone id wanna be friends with!
Happy birthday; I love your eyes!
Sweet tattoo on your left shoulder as well.
You have a smile that's both beautiful and brave.
Keep on smiling and keep your head up!
You know you have a beautiful smile when it's not even immediately obvious that you have one arm.
Your eyes and smile show honesty and strength, I bet you are an amazing listener and a true friend.
You don't need that extra arm, you are absolutely perfect just the way you are.
I can see the love and honesty in your eyes.
You're stunning, I bet you turn more than a few heads!
Your hair is really pretty.
You're stunning and you have beautiful complexion!
As a European lady myself I really wish I had your skin tone!
If you don't mind me asking, what happened to your arm?
You have knowing and honest eyes.
I love your dress :)
Keep your head up and stay rad.
I absolutely *adore* your hair!
It suits your skin tone and face shape so well!
Your eyes are gorgeous!
They definitely go quite well with your hair.
Somehow your hair still looks great while you're working out.
Your face looks quite radiant and looks almost like it is carved from stone.
You look like a very sharp and intelligent person, with a good amount of kindness for those that deserve it :)
You have a radiance of confidence about you and hell, the whole one arm thing?
Criss-cross applesauce, you have amazing legs.
Your skin looks fantastic too, just very soft and smooth.
The care you put into their appearance really shows.
Between those beautiful gams and that 1000 candle power smile, i wouldn't have noticed your missing arm unless you said something.
Keep your head up, and continue to look at the brighter side of your life :)
I can professionally verify that you have the prettiest most genuine smile I've ever seen :)
Thank you for posting, you are a strong soul and a beautiful human.
You also have a very genuine smile and I'm sure that it would be contagious if I was hanging out with you.
You have a nice beard .
And you have a nice hair line and a kind smile.
From the looks of it, it seems you have long hair.
I also like your eyebrows mayne!
I wish I could see your hair down, it looks gorgeous.
Leave the hair behind, it was only weighing you down!
You have fantastic curls, and people with fantastic curls always look good with short hair.
Your nose fits your face, it suits you.
But hey, if you want to lose weight maybe working out could function as you time.
You have a really expressive face.
So jealous of your beautiful eyes.
Your hair looks real nice and somehow your picture gives me a vibe that you're a really cozy person.
Weird compliment maybe but I'd love to play with your ears.
Your hair looks really silky and soft.
You just need to give a girl a huge smile and there, that's all the luck you need.
Your hair is a riot of amazing!!
By eating well, you're going to put your body in a better state of mind so you can rest more easily.
If you stay up long ass hours studying, that's not going to be good for you.
Hell they may not smile back...but you did.
You look like the kind of guy I would hang out with all day on a rainy Saturday, smoking (or you can have beer, whatever man) and eating pizza.
Like the kind of person who would pull the last few dollars out of their pocket to cover somebody's groceries in front of you in line.
Maybe you haven't done that yet- but maybe you just haven't been faced with the opportunity yet.
Keep your head up, be proud of yourself.
Keep smiling, keep learning, keep your face towards the warmth of the sun.
I love your smile
Thank you as well for your kind encouragement!
You have a trustworthy appearance.
you have a really friendly face and a genuinely kind smile.
You have very deep eyes.. they sort of just grabbed my attention.
I bet you also have a wonderful laugh, because your smile is great, so I bet your laugh matches ^-^
We're here to back you up, and there will always be people and things that will help you push through the bad stuff to make it to the good.
You look like the kind of guy who knows how to chill- that's my kind of person!
You have very kind eyes and a warm smile.
Now I've figured out that if it makes both of you happy, there's no selfishness in it!
I think you are attractive, you have lovely skin and a kind face.
Your smile looks very genuine.
Your smile looks very genuine.
You have the hair of a goddess!
Your hair is amazing!
Your eyes are especially dazzling!
Keep your head up and keep positive you got this
Keep your head up man, things always get better!
Chin up, I too know the pain of long distance and it sucks, but though he's far away, I'm sure your man is missing you as much as you're missing him :)
You're beautiful, everything in your face fits together perfectly.
Keep your head up girl!
Just remember: keep your head up, keep that eye catching smile, stay positive, and live life to the fullest while you can!
You have a very pretty smile!
And your hair is amayyyzzziiingg 💕
That's one hell of a beard you got there and the glasses fit well with the Punisher toque.
Your hair is really nice, especially in the sunlight!
you have really great, expressive eyebrows.
Your beard is bomb!!
Listen, times may be rough, but you look like the kind of guy that has some good karma stored up.
You are jacked and have a magnificent beard.
Truly, your viking ancestors smile to be blessed with such a worthy descendant.
And also your eyebrows are amazing.
No way, your nose fits your face perfectly!
Also you and little boy have the same nose, his just turns up a little more.
You have a really beautiful face!
It's a nice shape, you have great eyebrows and really deep eyes, your skin looks amazing too, and the mole really does give it character.
Your eyes are absolutely captivating.
I really like your beard, it has it's own little waves in it too.
I also really like your glasses and how they work with your eyes.
Keep your chin up, after all, it's supporting the beard!
Your eyes could melt Satan's cold black heart.
I love your hair and eyes, they make you look very intelligent in an attractive way!
That's some nice hair you got there.
And if all that fails, you can't be sad when you look up puppies in baskets ;) For not being in the best of moods your face reads very calm, and your well groomed hair looks fantastic!
The next race you will also try your best.
Your beard is magnificent, you chose awesome glasses that compliment your face well, that's a kickass jacket (where'd you get it?)
You have wonderful features too and I have a few ex girlfriends who would kill for your eyebrows.
I love your hair &lt;3
You have a really amazing eye and jaw shape!
As a dude who grows the patchiest beard the world has ever seen, I'm super jealous of your beard.
You are the definition of a cutie,beautiful eyes aswell.
You eyes are very soulful and charming.
Your beautiful beyond words with eyes that envelop the soul.
😍😍 you are insanely attractive, hands down one of the cutest people I have seen.
I totally understand that you aren't feeling comfortable showing your face.
Your eye makeup is so on point and your hair colour really flatters your skin.
Also you have really cute freckles!
You're so cute, love your simple makeup just making sure your natural assets pop like those amazing eyes and your nose i just want to poke it.
To some people reading this it might sound strange, but when you feel like you're incapable of propping yourself up even in the face of hardships like illness, it's easy to convince yourself that you don't deserve the life you're trying so hard to maintain.
So keep your head up because things will get better.
Keep your head up :)
Your eyes, just wow, and so well accentuated by your make up!
Your hair looks great.
your smile is amazing.
Glad to see things are looking better for you, keep your head up 😊
Your hair is luscious as fuck
Do you laugh and smile often?
What a cute smile you have.
You seem to have a very kind personality and I want to just hug you.
I definitely think if you keep that smile going you're going to make a lot of people feel happy knowing somebody made their day.
something you want to learn at that will help you in your pursuit of happiness.
Shrug it off your shoulders.
Saw the small preview and thought "huh he looks like a guy I know" and wow you do, and he takes great pride in his hair(Norway's best hairdresser) so take pride in your hair because it looks really amazing!
Um.... you look *super* handsome with your hair down!
Dang, your hair is smooth.
I love your hair!
Goes perfectly with your hair!
I really hope the sad look in your eyes gets a little bit happier time by time, would love to see you smiling, you'd look ever better!
Your nose lips and chin really stand out to me!
Your hair is good!
Dude, your hair is magnificent.
Just like everyone else said, you have a great smile and are incredibly cute.
Your interviewer will be captivated by your eyes.
I love your little smile too!
You have amazing eyes.
Actually then again, that might be hard because I'm in the middle of the desert right now and you haven't met mother, so really without her approval I shouldn't have said that but.. yeah..] Lovely eyes; exceptional face genetics.
The first thing I look in a woman are the eyes, and yours are simply magnetic...good luck for your job interview you're gonna nail it!
Your eyes are like the best thing ever.
Please tell your friend that his happiness is just as important as anybody else's, and that he doesn't have to worry about annoying people with their problems, especially his friends.
Until then, try to remember that others see you for the smooth-skinned radiant creature that appears in this photograph, and not the distorted reflection that you've convinced needs makeup to "fix".
In my opinion, women without makeup exude confidence and sincerity (not to disrespect those who do wear makeup) and you definitely own the natural look.
You have a really kind face, hang in there, it gets better!
I know it sucks, and it hurts now, but you will come out of this stronger than you were before, more independent, and ready to look at the world with fresh eyes!
Your fresh face looks healthy and happy.
I hope you continue experimenting with looks so you find ways to adorn yourself (or not) so you can enjoy yourself without worrying about your appearance.
your jawline is defined as hell😍
You have a beautiful smile.
In your shoes I'd be so stressed.
You have beautiful eyes and really a great looking face.
Every time he wags his tail/runs to you, just think about how much happiness your friend is feeling.
If he's old and doesn't do either, think about how much happiness you have given him in the past.
Well to start off, you are so adorable, and I love your hair!
Just keep your pretty little head up and charge forward!
Your young and perfect skin, your radiant smile, sparkling eyes, proportionate body-- your beauty is obvious and conventional.
Omg your dog is so cute 😄🤗 he looks like he has a case of the Monday's with kind of a 😑 look haha too funny.
Your eyes have this like twinkle thing going on in your picture that is just so enigmatic.
You also have really great eyebrows, very neat and maintained.
You seem like a very nice person and you have a very nice smile.
I don't know why you blacked out your eyes like that, but I can understand your want for anonymously posting.
Also, you have a lovely face.
Also your hair looks great and you're pretty cute.
I'd consider your nose a good trait.
You have intensely awesome eyes!
I love the bow tie and your beard game is on point.
As for your "oversized" nose, I really just don't see it.
And you have kind eyes.
You have such a adorable smile.
Your smile makes you look kind and it's beautiful.
I don't think your nose is oversized at all - it in fact makes you masculine and handsome.
Your overall appearance is friendly and I'd totally approach you if I saw you at a bar or something
I don't think your nose is, but you have a huge smile, which is a plus.
People have noses of all shapes and sizes but yours manages to perfectly fit your face.
It is not too large nor is it too small, it is perfect; just like your smile.
Your staring into the camera with the most uplifting look that you've managed to give me a boost of happiness.
But you my friend, I can assure you; you've got a perfect smile, a perfectly symmetrical face (which I am very jealous of), and a perfect nose.
You have a really cute smile!
Your tie is awesome - I love it when people literally wear their positivity and personality.
I saw your other post, over at "compliment me please"- And as I read it I let out an audible "please" You say you don't feel pretty, and for that I think your crazy- It's so clear to us all that your a beautiful lady, Your friends might all have boyfriends, while your still stuck alone- But life is not a race, be patient you will grow, It's guaranteed one day your meet, somebody who will love you- And he'll look at you with glee and put nobody else above you.
Your big eyes and pouty lips, you look like a fairytale princess.
I wish I could just play with your hair for a while, it's lovely Edit: poem actually ain't that bad
I am jelous of your long hair!
You have such pretty long hair and a beautiful face.
I love your hair and eyebrows man.
They are so thick and accentuate the bone structure around your eyes so well!
Hard to tell from this angle, but your jawline and chin look very good, including the cheekbones.
I'm a fan of your hairstyle; in fact a little envious.
You shine of a natural beauty, and it's the best kind.
I like the straightforward-ness and sincerity of the title, those are good qualities which I think might possibly reflect your personality - otherwise you are very pretty and you are blessed with good facial features
I dig the outfit, your hair is on point, glasses are slick, what's not love?
Plus hearing you overcome depression and the dark looming thoughts that come with it absolutely warms my heart, since that is NOT an easy trench to dig yourself out of.
Sending positive thoughts and warm smiles your way my man!
I like your glasses and am jealous of your hairstyle.
You have a nice smile and I love your hair!
You are very pretty :) im sorry your day isnt going well :/ but i hope it gets much much better :D love that smile of yours
You got a well built face, an awesome smile, and pretty cool hair!
What you do is just walk with your chin up wherever you go.
I love that smile you have and you look like you're about to burst with kindness and love toward just about anything you put your mind to.
And for fucks sake your hair is pretty swell.
Your top, your hair, your smile are all gorgeous and bright.
I really like your hair.
What beautiful skin you have, so free of blemishes and the perfect coffee-with-cream complexion.
Your hair has that natural volume and lushness, and your lips an elegant pout.
I really love the soft curl/wave texture of your hair!!
I love your hair, it's texture is awesome.
Your eyes make me smile!
I love your hair and you have a BEAUTIFUL smile!
I have that same dress and you are wearing it so well!
Your hair is amazing and really compliments your beautiful face :) I hope things look up for you soon lovely!
You have a great face.
I love your hair, glasses, beard, and even your shy little smile.
Stand up straight, put a big smile on your face and go about your day.
Sit back and enjoy your appearance, allow your freedom to shine through in the kindnesses you offer those around you.
l feel like I know you, and think I'm in love... you have the kindest sweetest face and eyes and everything about you
Plus, I adore your haircut.
Your dress is the kind of dress I wish I could find in stores.
You have a light in your eyes that is just.. remarkable.
It comes all the way from deep within you, a beautiful glimpse right into your soul.
Let's say, in your head, YOU think you look like 20/100 in the photo.
Because things get turned around so much in your head - you need to bring them out and look at them in the light of day.
I think you are very handsome, and you've done a good job of accentuating your look -- the beard and glasses are quite flattering!
Keep that smile on your face, and good things will find you -- because you have a very friendly face.
Also, your hair is pretty awesome.
I hope your week turns around, there's an obvious kindness in your eyes that makes me sure that you deserve the best things in life.
Great springy colors that bring out your sunshine-y personality... You just radiate kindness and sweetness!
Your eyes are very kind as well.
If it's you, of course you'll only see the tiny little flaws you worry about: "oh, my teeth look so yellow", "my arms look fat", "my hair looks lopsided".
But if it was a friend, you would remember what a kind person they are, what a fun personality they have, how pretty they look when they're talking about something that interests them, how creative/hilarious/interesting they are.
I think also that there are a lot of people who are genuinely beautiful when you talk with them in person, but sometimes that doesn't translate to photos, because photos only capture a still moment in time, rather than that person's personality.
You got a good hairstyle, nice glasses, solid grooming.
I could only suggest working on developing a sense of mindfulness and the aforementioned CBT skills so you can head it off before it does damage.
You also have lovely, soulful eyes and a gentle smile.
Your face is open and approachable.
You really made me smile a lot, I think no one has ever told me such beautiful things, and thank you all for mentioning my hairstyle.
There is something magic about your smile.
Keep your head up :)
Great hair which really showcases your eyes.
I know you didn't ask, but I'll say it anyway: I absolutely love your eyes!
Btw, love your hairstyle!
Your hair is amazing
This is totally superficial, but wow, are your eyes different colors?
You probably entice the Templars with those lovely eyes of yours and that's when you get em.
BTW you have luminous skin!
I love your hair!
you have the nicest smile.
Your smile and especially your eyes are engaging.
Your hair and smile in particular just seem so alive.
Smile a little when you can and you'll find that smile coming back more often and to full strength sooner than you think!
How can you feel that way with a smile like that dude?
You have a kindness in you that I know people see.
There's that meaning of meeting someone and they say, 'I know your eyes.'
Do they know your kindness just from your eyes?
But then you crack the smile.
I'm jealous of your teeth!
And your smile, mines not so bright :p
dude, your eyes are gorgeous!
Also you have amazing hair game going on and clean eyebrows.
Your beautiful eyes, that rad hair 😍😍😍 I'm so jelly
I feel like you have a haircut that's hard to look cute in, but you're killing it!
You have one of the most likable faces I've seen.
I'm sure your personality matches, therefore you're set :)
Let me start by telling you that you have a really nice angular nose.
Your hair seems really thick, you're one of the lucky ones who can experiment a lot with their hair.
You just need to give me a huge smile and you'll instantly light up the place.
Just a tiny piece of advice, give your virginity to someone who will value you and value it.
Just keep focusing on your own happiness first, it's easier to have a relationship and attract a good partner when you yourself are happy and in a good place.
However, I don't really know why you used 'virgin' in your title here.
Try to think of things you enjoy doing everyday and get a smile on your face.
Wow at your hair.
The glasses suit you too, it really looks nice together with your gorgeous hair and facial structure.
Could your eyes be more disney princess like?
Together with those eyebrows you got that look down.
You have very nice wavey hair too.
Anyway, I hope that even at your lowest, someone shows kindness to you.
Those eyes and your lips!
Your lips caught me first, they are big full and beautiful.
Also btw, I think your eyes are beautiful.
I love your hair, its the perfect colour for you!
By that I mean, your face, skin and eye color go together really well!
Your hair is gorgeous, you have a super cute nose, and your skin is beautiful!
There's a fire in your eyes.
Looking into your eyes, I see a beautiful story.
I don't know a thing about you or who you are, but I know your eyes.
Wherever you have been or wherever you go, I know your eyes have seen many things.
Listen, to you from my heart, I'm with you.
Your eyes are absolutely gorgeous.
It's not the best picture of you, but you have nice bone structure and I like your hair.
A quarter into the game, insecure is how you find yourself - One thing to do might be to lure the part of you that's so demure Out under a sheer azure butcher's eyes blue sky Out into the open You can roar your mouth wide and scream that inured self-doubt out for once and all, become spirited and outspoken, and thunder headlong into the next 25.
- - -- --- ----- -------- ----- --- -- - - Failing that, bask in self-congratulation at your lovely Soviet nose, and arching eyebrows, and your burnt sandalwood faux-Asian eyes.
your hair is absolutely gorgeous and i can't see your face super well in this picture but you're really pretty :) also love the mentality of setting yourself up for positivity for your birthday.
eyes and eyebrow goals omg also i love pixie cuts so this may be biased but lOVE your hair!!!!!
Your facial hair complements your jawline well.
Also your haircut looks clean, man.
You have amazing eyes.
The color of your hair fits with your eyes and skin color so well too, and I love the way that one lock is thrown around to frame your face.
I see you have a very nice smile, and I love those red cheeks.
They really give that edge to your eyes which is pretty attractive.
You have just amazingly gorgeous eyes; their shape and color are out of this world.
It takes a lot of courage to shave your hair and you're killin' that look, seriously.
There might be some people who are into long, thick hair, but you know, you can't please everyone.
You have a very nice face as well, so that catches my attention first anyway.
Love that smile, and I'm not just talking about your mouth.
Your entire face is lit up!
You have super eyebrows as well!
You have just gorgeous eyes.
And your smile is so lovely and genuine.
Truthfully, if I were you, I'd cut your hair shorter on the sides.
You have a cute face, and a nice smile, and all I want in the world right now is that tshirt, so...
You will have no shortage of people telling you how young you are with such pretty hair and such pretty eyes :) But that's what we're here for, too!
You have a lovely smile, and I'd bet it comes with a great laugh :)
You have a contagious smile.
You seem like the kind of person I'd want to hang out with
Be proud you have facial hair that would make a dwarf jealous!
Your skin tone is amazing and I am insanely jealous of your hair - you have great natural curls!
Also your facial structure is very soft and pretty and you have a lovely smile.
We all look different and if people judge you based on just your hairline are idiots.
You're not bad looking and you definitely have more personality than they do.
Plus you have majestic hair and fantastic eyebrows.
Here's the thing, if you keep that smile going, hell...all of those tragic things seem to fade away.
You have great skin, too!
Also, your eyes look very kind, so you're probably just as beautiful on the inside as the outside &lt;3
You have such lovely eyes.
Also, the highlights in your hair look super cool!
What're you gonna do with your hair next?
You wouldn't want a woman who only cares about your hairline anyway, focus on the important things and try to keep the negativity away :)
You have a beautiful smile, and you seem very kind and genuine.
You have a lovely and strong face.
I think guys with receding hairlines are awesome and I also think that you are perfectly handsome.
Hey, I love your hair, it really compliments your face.
Your hair is lovely - It has a beautiful dark color and a nice curly wave to it!
Your eyes are very kind.
For starters, you have a LOT going for you: Hair (More than a handful of guys 10 years younger have less hair than you do!)
You make me wanna cry, you're breaking my heart, goodness!!!
Your smile is so sweet and fun.
Let me tell ya, I think everyone goes through a phase of 'am I pretty or ugly or what' and it's so difficult to really... See your own face.
You have a beautiful face!
You have a very pretty smile and it lights up your whole face.
And if you find you're having a hard time smiling, just remind yourself that some random person on the internet thinks you have a pretty smile, and hopefully that will help.
And if we are being honest, you have a nice shape to you and sexy think brows.
You appear approachable and patient, the exact kind of person I would approach in a public gathering if I was feeling overwhelmed and over-socialized!
Dude, you got a dope beard, I'm jealous!
That kind of mischievous twinkle in your eyes really makes one want to know you more.
That said, you have a very expressive face.
The right one for you will not mind anything, let alone something physical like hair.
Don't worry much about your hair.
There are comments that advise you about your hair, look through them.
Totally in love with your hair.
What color exactly are your eyes?
😊 It takes a lot of courage and commitment to shave your head.
That alone tells me the strength of your personality.
Love the shape of your face and full lips.
On a side note, what would've happened if a kid indeed had your hair made into a hairpiece.
I doubt you need hair with eyes like those anyways, ha.
Just know you look like an amazing person and by the way you have beautiful eyes.
Oh, and your hair puts my hair to shame.
That's a $100 smile you got there my dude.
At minimum, you're gorgeous man; I'm really jealous of your hairline!
Honestly, you have SUCH a beautiful smile!
With all my heart, I wish you all the best in overcoming your problems!
You have one of those faces/energies that just makes me want to give you a hug.
Find your happiness and grab it by the balls and never let it go.
Try surrounding yourself with your closest friends and doing things that make you feel more fulfilled and better about yourself (work out, or help someone with groceries, ANYTHING man) Keep your head up, I wish I had eyes like yours P.S.
Keep your chin up life has a way of turning upside then turning right back around.
I love your face!
My goodness gorgeous I hope you learn to love your flawless skin!
As everyone has noted, you have gorgeous eyes.
I also really like the contrast in your face; the light skin and eyes paired with dark hair and facial features.
BTW, so jealous of your eyebrows, mine are so thin from over-plucking combined with a few chickenpox scars...yikes!
Your body is used to operating under high stress, it seems.
You've got a solid jawline and chin, and that combined with your eyebrows gives you a pretty sturdy look.
Looking shark in that suit...hehe get it cause of your tie...anyway hair is fresh as well so i'd say you're doing just fine appearance wise
And I don't mean "genius level smart" or "rock star guitar player" or "expert hair dyer," I mean your unique thoughts, your unique personality.
Take a week or so to be sad and then get back on your feet.
Your eyes are amazing!
I guess what I'm trying to say is reach out and find your thing, talk to people, you can overcome any kind of mental block if you try!
You have the hair of a god.
Also, I'm so jealous of your beard as I will never be able to grow one myself.
You have a really great smile.
Look at your smile and your eyes, I just woke up and seeing them filled me with energy and a warm "It's going to be ok" vibe.
I honestly love your hair too.
I usually like pixie cuts, but your hair just works, it looks clean, cared for and gives off a lot of confidence.
You have a really kind looking face, with the little smile at the corner of your mouth and expressive eyes.
In any case, you really do have a handsome/kind looking face!
I'm envious that even when overwhelmed you have a flawless complexion.
Combined with your lovely cheeks, it gives you such a youthful, refreshing vibe.
I understand that this may have hampered your ability to express yourself using the instrument of your choice- but the music was never in your hands, Bohdangerous.
And who knows where tech will take us in our lifetimes, you look pretty young so there's all kinds of hope and options even for the damaged nerve.
Wow, just look at your smile!
You are not your hand.
Your eyes are so melancholic and beautiful, your haircut is perfect, your whole face looks fantastic.
From a lady/skincare fanatic (in the least creepy way possible): you have really nice skin :D
On a side note I'm envious of your Dog, I think you incredibly blessed to have such a handsome companion who is will to pose for a picture, and you look stunning, I give hope that you are always able to smile and radiate the wonderful joy I perceive in this picture.
your brows are so lush!
Don't look at your body for motivation, look at your schedule.
Your makeup is on point, and those glasses are making you look sharp.
And someday that special puzzle piece is going to fit in with the right kind of people, the people that love you for who you are, and it's going to be great.
You have lips that any girl would kill for, and beautiful eyes.
You have very nice eyes :)
You're extremely pretty, and your eyes seem so kind and loving that I wish my mum had someone like you to help her through the extremely difficult time of waiting for her biopsy results, and then sadly, being diagnosed.
I had to do a doubletake on your skin, it looks so nice, I almost thought you were wearing makeup!
Your teeth are so nice too, they fit your mouth very well and your eyebrows make that really cool arc, which looks very attractive to me.
But you have the daintiest hand and fingers!!!
I'm jealous because next to you, I have giant man-hands that end in pudgy sausage fingers... You should consider being a hand model!
Did you get those hands from your mom?
As long as you are happy in your own skin, you will attract others who are strong and confident and they will see your beauty as you and I do.
And if anyone tries to tell you different, hold your head high and just know you are loved and stronger than their words.
Keep your head up.
Also wish I had some chest hair like you but no dice :( But hey, you'll find someone else who will make you just as happy if not more.
I love your beard, and your glasses are perfect for your face.
Second, your eyebrows are gloriously trendy.
You are very pretty, and I have to say you have amazing skin!
You should be in a commercial for face wash...
Also, I love your nail polish color, it looks so nice for summer, kinda reminds me of the ocean :)
your eyes look freaking amazing.
You have an excellent chin.
Great photo, you have an artistic eye!
Although I would love to see you looking up and smiling...
Your hairstyle is on point, man.
Love your smile, so keep showing it off :)
This photo is so striking -- the color of your hair, the lipstick, your eyes, skin... amazing.
The confidence you find in self love will help attract the kind of people who actually deserve you.
You have a great smile!
I love your teeth.
Your necklace is very cool and it matches your awesome eyes!
I love your red hair, eyebrows on fleek.
You have a kind face that I am sure lights up the room when you smile.
Besides how amazing your eyes are?
You have such a great smile!
And you have great hair.
You have amazing teeth!
I'm not good at compliments but holy cow your eyes are amazing.
Your eyes are stunningly gorgeous.
If you can't escape thoughts that you're not good enough or are unlovable, you always feel nervous and awkward, heart and thoughts racing, and nothing you do or anyone else does or says seems to make the torment go away, then you may be suffering with some kind of anxiety disorder.
I will say you at least seem to have a good heart and holding down a full-time job with a car?
Your smile is a pick me up for me!
From your radiant smile, to your perfect hair, skin, accessories.
I love your eyes and your glasses!
Your hair looks so natural in this picture, all of you looks really natural and just gives a really chill vibe!
Be proud of yourself for what you are...keep smiling n take care of yourself.😃😃😃😃💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
Times are tough When it gets a little rough It takes a little while To see that beautiful smile I wish you the very best Now it's time to something something rest This little poem was made fast Look to the future and not the past
I love your hair, your lips, your eyes, everything!
I really like your eyes (that wing, damn) and glasses and I'd totally hug you rn if I could :)
Your eyebrows look nice!
2) Your gain from his dead weight.
I really adore the color of your hair.
You are too pretty to fake smile!!
Have you considered cutting your hair, or getting a tonsillectomy?
I hope you come to a point where you can look back at your memories of him and feel more happiness than pain, and be able to laugh remembering jokes he made.
Your eyes are so incredibly lovely.
You totally earned a pat on the back.
You have such a kind and friendly face - the type of stranger I'd smile at while passing on the street :)
You have the type of smile that makes other people want to smile too!
And that I hope that mark on your arm is an accident, because I think that it is your only visible flaw.
Just by looking at your flawless makeup it's easy to tell you're a talented person.
your smile is one of the best I've ever seen.
Your hair and skin are great!
You have a really pretty face and such a kind smile!
I really like your hair, it's nice when guys grow it out a bit.
You can really grow a beard, jeez!
Your bangs really suit your face =) nice style.
You have great glasses, I love your hair, you're obviously a fighter and you look like such a lovely friend!
One day, you'll smile genuinely again and you'll laugh until your belly hurts.
When you're cheated of it's always a bit lucky because it means you dodged an asshole.
Your happiness was inside you and your gf was just a tether to it.
The asshole who cheated on you shot himself in the foot as he lost a gorgeous and intelligent girl like you.
Best of luck with your courses and many long years of happiness with your lovely Maisie.
Girll love your whole look and your beautiful hair!
Your smile made other people smile so you just made the world a little better.
Keep your chin up!
Your smile lights up the room.
You look like the kind of person I would come to for advice and feel safe talking too.
Lady, my mouth - and that of my fiance's - literally fell open because of how awesome you are.
So you are an absolute have and your eyes are beautiful.
You have beautiful eyes
There's nothing more frustrating than your body not cooperating with you, so congratulations on your achievement :) Could I ask what medication you take?
You were a joy to draw, I love your smile!
Never let the bad stuff in life bring you down, face it with a smile.
You have such a beautiful complexion.
Have a great day OP and look out for all the smiles you get i know they're there
Your hair looks great!
Your hair is so nice, thick and long, seriously.
😊 You have beautifully mysterious eyes.
You are more valuable than you could possibly imagine, and you deserve better than what's been handed to you.
You dont look unhealthy at all i wouldnt pay much attention to those weight comments unless a doctor specifically says it for health reasons.
I like the dress you have on and your smile is one that genuinely radiates happiness
If you had just said comments about your weight I would've assumed the comments were about how it looks like you've lost weight, and that's based on no before picture.
You honestly do not look overweight at all, and I will never understand why people make comments about a person's weight when they still look healthy.
You certainly have the strength to face these challenges, so don't give up!
Since you mentioned your weight, let me get this out of the way: you are FINE.
Really, going by this photo your body is great, just the way it is.
Your smile only enhances this greatness, since not even the bad things happening right now could hide it!
The glasses, necklace, jacket... Little details yes, but they show that your are a beautiful woman; a woman that treats her outward appearance as worthy enough for others to admire.
I love your hair and I'd be lucky to have someone as pretty as you in my life.
Don't worry about the weight, you look absolutely fine!
I love your freckles!
And you have a beautiful smile!
You feel so vibrant, from your hair piercings, tattoos and the way you dress.
You look great and those piercings are really cool.
You have intoxicating eyes and a radiant smile!
Love your hair too.
Make a plan and perhaps you'll be ready when life brings itself upon your beautiful and wonderful soul.
:) Be confident in yourself and hold your head high.
And your hair is gorgeous!
I like the way you did your makeup.
Twenty pounds is a significant amount of weight to lose and you look great!
I also have to say you have beautiful red hair - it's such a lovely color.
I am struggling with weight loss myself and it's bad asses like you that keep me going.
Well you are really cute and your smile totally says you can make it through anything so there's that.
You have beautiful eyes!
You don't show it - you're hair, clothes and make-up look so wonderfully put together.
Think positive - plenty of people holiday in Florida, I'm sure you can find something fun there to keep you smiling - the world needs they rays of sunshine that come from your face in that pic!
Second, you have the most beautiful eyes.
But looking at this photo I think you have a great future ahead, full of happiness.
Dude you have the eyebrows and jawline of Adonis, your looks are on point.
This sounds weird but I like the shape of your face, your eyes are really nice as well.
I think you'd look really handsome with a smile on your face :) You shouldn't have such low self esteem because you're a good looking guy!
You're head is pretty far back and the photo is take below your eye line, those are two big no nos in photography!
If the photographer had moved your head outwards (much more natural position) and adjusted the angle I know you'd be happier with the photo, it's so not you that is the issue!
I love your hair and your eyes!
Red makes you vibrate with energy and the way your hair is done gives you a really outgoing vibe!
Man you have a rockin' jawline that you should be proud of.
They suit your face really well :) You look beautiful and I'm sure that's reflected on the inside as well.
That being said, I'm sure it will be a perfect day and that you will be filled with nothing but happiness and love.
Looking into your eyes I can see two things.
But I can also see something else - if you were smiling, just eyes would too and you would light up the room.
Your lips are amazing and your hair (and I think the denim) really work for you.
You look like you're extremely kind and your eyes especially convey a sense of peacefulness.
You have a cute, serene smile that's enhanced by the lipstick, hair that is well maintained and lively with color.
Most important of all, your eyes still shine brightly, even if they may be darkened by your present feelings.
Close your eyes, pay attention to these feelings, accept them.
You have the most beautiful feathery eye lashes.
Your bone structure is killer!
Your eyes look like the eyes of someone who has had a lot of those months but was strong enough to make it through all of them even if it was by the skin of your teeth sometimes.
Like / said, your smile would light up a room.
I hope you can bless us with that smile at some point in the future.
(btw your hair looks fucking GREAT!)
You are doing a great job on loosing weight, and you look like you smell like strawberries.I also like your gauges and braid.
This might sound strange, but I love the mark on your forehead.
It's unique and kinda like a third eye, giving you insight to your deeper self to help you through the plateau along with your beautiful smile :)
Love your hair and eyebrows, I'm also a blonde with dark eyebrows!
You have a very fresh look about you, your freckles are awesome and I really like your bangs!
*sending the goodest of vibes* Also your hair looks amazing!
Your eyes got that speciel depht when a person been through tough times.
Honestly, I love the way your hair combines with the shape of your face.
Add the victorious look in your eyes on top of that and you get a winner!
I must confess though, I'm not really objective here, that face shape is my favorite, so I'm pretty weighted in your favor.
Looking in to your eyes I see the ocean.
You have nice, high cheekbones plus some good eyebrows.
Just stay strong and continue on, that anxiety you feel will just disintegrate once these tasks at hand are over.
You have beautiful eyes!
When I look at you, I get the impression you're stronger than you know and an empathetic soul.
You have such kind and peaceful eyes.
Also the shape of your lips is wonderful, wish mine were full and plump like that.
You also look like someone who's a great shoulder to cry on, make sure you're not just soaking up everyone else's tears and remember to let yourself feel things too.
If you can believe it, I actually had grey hair and a white eyebrow that started showing up in middle school.
Your eyes are fuckin' striking, and there's nothing wrong with your face at all.
There's a depth to your eyes and a mysterious, captivating look to you generally.
I wouldn't ever had thought two nose piercings could work let alone compliment someones look but you pull them off with ease.
Simple yet effective Honestly your hair sits perfectly alongside your general style and looking at this pic all I can think is if Kurt Cobain and Madonna had a child and she took on more of her fathers vibe while staying original I couldn't imagine a more accurate and glowing portrait.
You have such an honest open aura about yourself, and a naturally smiling face.
Your face screams warm family and good vibes without effort.
I can see those tears on your cheeks.
But gosh darn it doesn't it feel good when that sun hits your face?
Seriously I could keep admiring your eyes forever.
I hope it all goes well for you and remember to keep your head up.
Your hair dying is also pretty rad.
It'll make you feel better and you'll get to see their smiling happy faces.
Dye that hair the next colour you want!
You have a beautiful smile and really interesting eyes.
I feel like if you make someone else's day with that smile, there's no limit to what you can accomplish.
You have such a lovely smile!
Yo bro, sorry you're having it rough... You have a good smile, kind eyes &amp; look like a nice bloke.
You have a sweet smile and soulful eyes.
You are rocking that facial hair, and I dig those glasses too.
You have such beautiful teeth, you should show them off at all times!
As everyone else has stated, your smile and teeth are both great.
Keep your chin up :) ❤️
You have that cute crooked smirk smile!
Ok your smile is freaking great and adorable.
I'm impressed that your glasses fit your face so well!
I wear glasses myself and know how difficult it can be to find glasses that frame your face well.
I'll be the next person to say you should smile, like, all the time.
Perfect teeth and you look so kind and approachable.
You literally have such a great smile please smile more often!!
You should definitely smile more, just because your smile is a gift to anyone who sees it.
You have a captivating half-smirk smile and it's so infectious you made me smile :) I hope you find more reasons to smile so you can share it with the world.
You have an amazing smile, beautiful eyes, and fantastic hair.
You have a sweet smile, bright eyes and the hair of Aphrodite.
dude you got a nice frame already, work out a bit and you'll look real good.
Your teeth are almost perfect too, def keep smiling my g.
I love your hair and your eyes.
Plus your hands are very sexy, though appear to be wounded (are you ok?)
You have a very nice physique and you have a sweet smile.
You have beautiful teeth!!
I love your smile and those dimples are to die for.
I also love the way your eyes crinkle up as you smile, those will look fantastic as you age.
You have a great face and a good body, plus you clean up very well.
The positive aspects about you are your smile and your shirt.
Your face is the stuff that daydreams are made of.
Your hair is gorgeous!
And your eyebrows look great too.
You have a very welcoming smile that I imagine brightens the room.
Anxiety and insecurity are both tough, but I hope you get through it and keep smiling that beautiful smile.
21st can definitely make people anxious, but you have the face and hair of a model with a very attractive body and smile.
Wonderful hair, stunning eyes, beautiful smile, clear skin, who did you sell your soul to for all that?
Aww you have a fantastic smile and just from the look of you I'd say you have a great heart.
Those eyes light up with your smile and that makes a heart melt.
Here's a silly poem for you One to help you power through You're awesome dude, I like your style I hope that this has made you smile
You have the sweetest face, what I like to call "shampoo commercial hair", and I love your makeup (A+ eyebrows).
You have beautiful eyes and a smile that looks genuine and honest.
You have amazing hair &amp; a wonderful smile!
Your hair...Like straight out of a commercial, so beautiful!
You have such nice eyes, and you know how to showcase them with makeup!
Literally can't find a flaw in your appearance.
Seriously, you really are a beauty, and you have such gentle eyes.
Your eyes are almost as stunning as your sweet smile!
You have an endearing smile and you look like someone I'd like to be friends with.
It's so easy to get overwhelmed, but you'll get through it; you've made it through every bad day you've ever had, trust your heart and you'll make it through these rough times.
You found love once, and with a smile like that you'll be sure to find it again.
I'd love to make you laugh at my bad jokes, just so that I can see you smile.
Man, your teeth are *perfect.
Your confidence and your head held up high will get you through the day.
You are probably best to try to take a few breaths and let the situation calm down and try to approach it with a cool head.
I'd gladly give you a hand!
And judging by that smile your personality matches the looks!
You have the most stunningly beautiful eyes I have ever seen.
Your eyes look amazing!
I'm sure you're a fantastic person, and you love animals so you have to have a kind heart - which is a quality that I think should be very highly valued :) You're a good looker!
Get that smirk back on your face, you deserve to smile at yourself!
You are absolutely beautiful, and I'm sure you have a personality to match.
Also, your hair is fantastic, how on earth did you manage to achieve such waves?!
Hope you have a great day and are smiling through out!!
When I see your pics, I see a bright, beautiful woman with light in her eyes, able to take on anything that comes her way.
You've got the exam stuff in your head, you'll do well on them, just trust yourself.
You are very gorgeous :) I like that smile and espacially those eyes :)
Your eyes are stunning and your face is so cute 😊
Between your beautiful hair, your clear and soothing eyes, and your dazzling smile... adjectives like "pretty," "gorgeous," and "stunning" all somehow seem a bit too mild.
If Helen of Troy had "the face that launched a thousand ships," it's only because you hadn't yet arrived on the scene - had the heroes of the Iliad caught a glimpse of you, they'd have forgotten Helen in an instant.
Keep your chin up, you're gorgeous
By your expression, your face looks like it knows you can dominate these exams, thrive at your new job, and cope with mental illness - and your face is totally right, so I hope you listen to it!
Your eyes are breathtaking.
Your smile and your eyes show innocence, compassion and a whole lot of love that you have received that you'd like to give.
If someone breaks your heart, let me know, I'll be happy to beat the crap out of him, lol.
You are the kind of gorgeous that I had to wait a bit just to gather my thoughts.
You have incredible eyes, hair, your smirk, you are perfect!
I envy your jawline, beard quality, and Kennedy hair.
You have very expressive eyes.
I wish I had half your hair!
Keep your head up, man.
Judging by the intense look in your eyes, along with the amount of books on your shelf in the background, I would say you seem like a very intelligent and well read individual.
You seem like the type of person whose smile makes others want to smile too!
I agree with everyone else about your hair being amazing but also your skin is super clear and looks soft as a baby.
Anyways, you look like a champ, wear that hair with honor and pride and them strong eye brows.
I love your eyes and I am so envious of your hair!
It definitely suits your face shape.
Hope you have a lovely day girly, keep your head up.
And your eyes have a deepness to them.
Hope you have a good day, just keep your head up my friend.
Your face looks incredibly kind - there's something very attractive about your soft features.
It looks so nice on you and complements your face so well.
Your eyes are very bright.
You know what they say about eyes being the window into the soul, so you better believe that too ;) And I just love your eyebrows.
Your skin looks absolutely flawless man.
Nice beard, nice eyes, and well defined features around your eyes.
Did I mention I love your hairstyle?
I love your hairstyle :D Hope the headache passes soon, and have a great day!
Also I love your freckles!
you have beautiful eyes,beautiful hair and a great smile
You have the most beautiful face.
You have beautiful eyes and there's a glint in them and that smirk that show you have a quick wit and sense of humour.
Ok, the first thing that I think is on most people's minds when they see your picture: WHAT GREAT FRECKLES!
Just remember, when your new co-workers meet you, they'll see the same thing: "What great freckles!
I have a massive urge to stroke your beard.
Your hair looks like it would be super nice to feel on your skin during a hug.
Your cute little freckles make my heart melt.
Finally, your skin is ridiculously clear.
I'm proud of you :) and your eyebrows are on fleeeeeek
You have National Geographic eyes.
I recently lost some weight and have A LOT more to go, so I understand trying on things and hoping they'll fit better, but don't let this get you down!
And also, you have really beautiful eyes!
You deserve all the happiness and goodness in the world.
When I look at you I don't see illness but a girl with the cutest smile in the world, the brightest eyes and hair I want to floof.
Did anyone ever tell you that you have Maple-Sugar-color eyes?
When I first saw your picture I didn't realize it was / and I thought the point of the post was how cool your eyes are!
Not sure if I need to clarify at this point, but you have awesome eyes.
Hope you continue to share your words of wisdom, encouragement and humor.
But when I see your picture, there's a tough as nails girls staring back at me, who faces any problems life throws at her.
If you were a college professor, and I was failing, I'd figure out some adult things we could do to fix it :D
You have the prettiest face, those eyes are just pure beauty.
:/) I could totally lend you my dog for a while, it's a full body grown adult fluffy golden retriever I think you two would get along pretty well n.n
Your eyes are amazing.
I wish I had your hair.
I don't know your situation and I don't know your wife but you will be okay, always keep love in your heart and you will be okay.
We don't always achieve the ultimate goal we set out for you but you have done so well for yourself that is a ton of weight.
You done an amazing job losing weight and you should be proud.
Something about your face makes me feel like you are a very nice person and a great person to be around.
You have a gorgeous eye color.
Your eyes really pop and stand out
I can only hope that if I am ever faced with the trials and tribulations you are going through, I am half the man you are.
I love your hair, your eyebrows, your eyes...they have a nice smile in them.
I get the feeling your face sticks in people's memories, you're quite striking.
My husband loves your eyes.
Your hair has the coolest swoop in that picture.
Your eyes are CAPTIVATING!
Thanks for brightening my day with your beautiful face!
On a side note your eyebrows are totally on point too, good job :) just try things one at a time and it'll be done and dusted sooner than you realize :) what's the new job?
Your hair looks great.
The upward angle plus your jawline make you look quite powerful in this photo.
They'll miss you, of course, but they will be so darn happy to see your face when you return!
Wow, your eyes are just stunning.
You should feel proud and confident, and f*** that (probably hideous) dress because you are HOT!
Take boxing or a martial arts class to go with your weight training and start making yourself an all-around fitness person, that's how I got away from my old life and all the old people in it, by trying to positively change myself in whatever way I could.
Until that happens have fun practicing and figuring out what you are looking for.
It's how kind you are, and how generous you are with that kindness, that defines you.
Your hair is awesome and I love the way you carry yourself in this picture.
You have amazing cheek bones!
I'd kill for your sexy stache, you remind me of a noir detective
Your smile tells me that you're kind and caring and would be amazing to have a conversation with.
You need to lose more weight?!
You look incredible, your eyes are absolutely gorgeous, and you have a face of an angel, your going to look amazing at the wedding, try to not upstage the bride!
Dude I am so jealous of your skin tone.
When you start seeing crazy results you'll notice the pop from your perfect skin color.
Man those weights will help keep going so you can see the results.
Smile dude you got this.
You have the gift of exuding happiness, and spreading infectious smiles for sure!
Just seeing your photo put a smile on mine!
I hope you keep smiling, because the world could use a little more joy and peace :)
I'm a guy but idk you have really nice eyebrows
You deserve to smile inside and outside.
Your eyes are stunning, I've never seen eyes quite like yours.
Your freckles are absolutely adorable.
You can be your worst enemy with anxiety, which is why it can be good to get out of your own head.
Youve got absolutely beautiful eyes and a wounderful smile i hope your exams go well and that you do well on your first day on the job.
You have a cute quirky smile!
Your eyes are stunning.
Your hair is lovely.
Your lips the prettiest shade of pink.
Chin up, love...you're worth more than your weight in gold *before* the weight loss.
Your heart breaks for your child and it breaks far earlier than for parents of normally developing children (because all parents hearts break for their children at some point).
It's easy to feel the weight of the future in every action you take.
I can see weariness in your eyes in your photo, but I also see a deep well of strength.
Today you will face another challenge that you will overcome.
Take them one at a time as they come and don't let the weight of the future steal your today.
Keep your head up, the world is blessed to be able to see that face
Also, don't ever attach your looks and physical self to your personality.
I know it can be hard to see ourselfs in the same light that other people see us in, so I want you to know if you saw this picture through my eyes you might swear you were looking at painting that an artist meticulously spent hours and hours of time perfecting to say so many different stories in every single brush stroke, each single expression carrying the weight of there own emoition.
I see the arch an expression in your brow and the way it so perfeclty matches the story I see in your smile which to me is saying "nice try life, you can try to bring me down, but you cant cause I know my worth and im fucking fighting for me" I dont see mental illness when I see this I just see a brave beautiful woman fighting for her place in this dumb world and looking bad ass while doing it, and thats just what I see in your face, don't even get me started on how absolutely stunning and powerful I think your hair looks.
You are having a GREAT hair day!
I believe Guns n Roses wrote a song about your eyes too.
I really like your hair I love the natural curls!
When I look into your eyes, I see the hurt and the struggle, but I also see a willingness to keep going.
Red hair, freckles, blue eyes AND you've taken care of you skin?!?!?
I love your hair, and gorgeous face and eyes.
There is nothing in your eyes that make me believe otherwise!
You clearly have such capacity for joy, it's rare to see such a genuine smile in a photograph.
I am personally lost in your eyes.
Well, your smile is contagious.
Keep your head up, and good for you for getting some qualifications.
Your eyes are stunning.
I love how genuine your smile is here!
As someone who generally dislikes the look of a mustache, you look REALLY awesome with that mustache.
Plus, your skin is literally flawless.
You could rock so many different fun makeup looks!
Keep smiling please, you can cheer up someone else's day as you did with mine :)
You are a beautiful girl with a brilliant smile and I imagine you are a great person and you need to treat yourself as such.
The more you love and treat yourself well, the more your light will shine and some day you will meet a guy who's worthy of that smile :)
i love the way your snake's skin reflects light....its trippy.
Also do not feel singled out by people like that, there's genuine people like me out there that adore all reptiles i love lizards too...i love aligator eyes, chameleons, all sneks.....all of em.. all of these animals are mesmerizingly beautiful once you encounter them face to face.....unless its in the wild :p
You will get a roof over your head.
Your jacket will keep you warm and you will once again feel safe.
You, by your own means, can shake some hearts.
What kind of fun personality are you hiding there?
I thought your post said "nicer options" at first and figured most options are better than killing a pet with a shovel.
I mean, you are presenting some special eyelashes, cute cheeks that make a great match with your lipstick.
Sure, that smile required some effort, but you still smiled!
Your hair is gorgeous and your features are just the WOW factor!
Your hair looks great today (seriously A+).
You have a lot of heart and soul caring for her at this time in her life.
Remember how I said I loved your hair style?
Keep your head up.
Your eyes are a really pretty color.
Also, your hair color adds a nice color contrast compared to the eyes.
I don't think you have a weird nose.
The first thing I noticed was your freckles -- they're adorable!
Those along with your pretty brown eyes and hair make you look like a storybook character, like a princess or something.
You have very kind eyes.
'Open your arms to change, but don't let go of your values.'
- Dalai Lama 'Every day is a new day, and you'll never be able to find happiness if you don't move on.'
You don't have a weird nose.
I absolutely love your freckles and tour nose is completely ok!
I just graduated college and it can be hard, just remember to go at your own pace, this isnt a race to the end but a journey to happyness.
You have the perfect face shape to pull off this hairstyle and imo it flatters your features, especially your eyes.
Shaving your head is a ballsy move and you did it for a great cause.
Your eyes and beard look great and that kind of shirt really suits you!
Also there is nothing at all weird about your nose, I promise!
Along with these people, we on this subreddit love you and hope for your safety and happiness.
Humans are incredibly resilient to all the stressors one can face, and I know you can do it.
Great hair color and facial structure, and you look pretty buff too.
Someone mentioned that contrast of your eyes and hair, but also your skin is lovely and your look awesome in that dark coloured shirt!
I see strength in your gaze - you look confident and determined, and even if you don't feel like you are inside your own head, sometimes looking in the mirror and seeing that hidden strength can make it easier to actually be strong.
And even your picture just radiates kindness
You look like the kind of person who I would really want next to me if a wild animal was about to attack me.
I don't think you have a weird nose.
with your hair and you don't need to pout while taking a picture.
This is the time to figure out who you want to be in this world.
Your freckles are amazing, they remind me of those colourful spots girls put on their faces at festivals and stuff.
Future's daunting but college is where you get to find out who you are, and knowing that makes the future easier to face.
Also your nose looks fine from where im sitting
Your fucking hair man.
Your mouth is spectacular!
And your nose is cute!
You have such a kind and beautiful face.
Your nose is seriously fine.
I definitely wouldn't notice anything weird about your nose.
Your face is lovely and your nose suits you perfectly.
You are so young and there is so much to look forward to, you don't need to have it all figured out!
Happiness comes if you welcome it in to your life, even when shitty things happen, look for the good in everything and happiness will follow.
Keep your head up, ignore the haters and try to love yourself.
Also, I always tell my little sister that her freckles look adorable, and I hope it doesn't sound weird but your freckles are adorable.
Noses don't have to be super standard looking to be cute, yours is unique without being prominent - it adds character without taking attention from the rest of your face.
When you get to college you will be drowning in beer and cock, if you so choose :)
You have a cool beard my friend
You are worthy and deserving of a much better guy than that asshole!
You're absolutely beautiful, and I'm freaking in love with your hair 😍
Like the other person said, omg your hair!!
You have beautiful eyes!
The green of your shirt really compliments it too -- and your eyes :)
You all have provided me another long drink of invigoration, and have forced my head to turn to the mirror, stare myself in the eyes and recognize what I have hidden behind the veil of bleak misfortune.
I mean, you and I don't have twenty eyes in our heads but hell...look at how wonderful you look!
Your hair is so cool!
You don't need to do anything aside from keep your head pointed forwards.
You got up this morning, put on makeup and clothing, and put a smile on your face... With all the hard times you've been dealt, you are so amazingly strong!
Your eyeliner is amazing.
I love your eyes and eyebrows and hair.
Your eyes have such a cool color and I like your hair.
I think it's a testament to your strength, that you can still fix your hair and do your makeup.
I absolutely love your hair and your style!
I'm mid twenties and I have done nothing up until now and I'm having a very hard time so my heart is with you when i tell you the world has so much to offer to you and you've not seen much yet.
But while investing in your appearance appeases other people, investing in your health appeases *you,* which will lead to greater confidence and self-esteem in the long run.
Then you may find later that when you do do things for your appearance, it's more joyous, because you're doing it for you instead of out of anxiety of what other people might think.
Your eyes, hair, and skin are amazing.
Your expression made me smile.
I hope you soon find yourself inundated with reasons to smile.
Also you have some clean ass eyebrows, my dude.
Smile a little more, the world needs more of your handsome face XD
I can't help but wonder how bright and genuine your smile must be.
The more problems you face and solve, the simpler it will be to solve the subsequent ones.
You have such a sweet smile and are, without a doubt, worth miles more than any of those jerks could ever dream.
You must lead a healthy lifestyle to maintain your skin.
I can see that you have a lot of life in your eyes and smile.
I see a twinkle in your eye.
Speaking of eyes - are those muppet eyes on your shirt?
You have a beautiful face, and I know you are a beautiful person.
Your eyes display generosity and kindness.
Guuuurl how is your skin that young looking?
Get out there with that lovely smile and do something you love.
And you have the kindest, softest eyes.
You look like an old soul trapped in a twenty something body.
Keep moving on with no regrets and show the world your smile and love.
I guarantee you that physical appearance is not and will never be a problem for you.
You are about to face ton of changes in your life, like high school, then college, all while puberty hits you like a truck.
You will find a boy worthy of your attention, love and kindness that you are wanting to share.
In other words, you have a goddamn perfect face.
Listen to your heart.
Your hair is also gorgeous....just face it my friend.
Telling yourself that you can turn your life around is the first step, so drop the sad face and keep up a smile.
I was in your exact shoes not very long ago.
But realize that this isn't forever, and you'll get through it as many others in your current shoes have done.
Make a plan about what you want to do in life no matter how generic and then figure out what you need to do to achieve that goal.
You have the golden ratio of faces.
You look like a cool dude, and you've got the ingenuity to pull the fabled "no-hands, double-picture" selfie.
Your glasses look sharp and I like your haircut.
Keep your head up homie.
Let me tell you first-hand that school is not for everyone.
Life will kick you in the ass for no good reason, it's how you handle the ass-kicking that determines your direction.
Feel into what you want from life, then know you can have it... may your deepest heart-felt wishes come true.
(Also I creepily zoomed in on this picture because your eyes looked amazing, and yep, can confirm, you have really amazing eyes!!!)
You can't possibly be a waste of space if you make people smile!
Just close your eyes and relax!
After two or three, you'll find that you've gotten up, given your body something to do, and you've accomplished stuff around the house.
Also, you have stylish glasses that aren't too over the top but compliments your face
Maybe get a bar or coffee shop job on the side while you figure it out, and need to make ends meet.
Im not gay man but you have an incredible ass!
You have such a pretty and kind smile and those dimples are really Preety.
Your eyes have so much compassion, it just instantly heals anyone who has you in their feild of vision, both physically and spiritually.
First, I love how deep and brown your eyes are.
Also, totally jealous of the AWESOME natural shape of your eyebrows.
Your dimples are adorable.
Your hair is super cute and a beautiful color.
No pressure to hit the gym or anything, but you've got a hell of a frame to build on if you want to.
You have a soft look in your eyes that is a refreshing change of pace in this crazy world full of high intensity people.
I love your dimples and you have a lovely shaped mouth.
Also your lovely natural eyebrows, I wish mine were so full.
You're plenty attractive - you have lovely, warm, keenly accented eyes; great cheeks and nose; a wonderfully shaped mouth with full lips; what looks to me like quite clear skin; and your hair perfectly complements your face.
Keep your chin up, and smile :)
You look like the kind of girl I'd get shy around and I'd definitely have a crush on you if we knew each other.
Your hair is dyed a nice color, I like the color contrast with your eyes.
Your shirt looks hella comfy and I'm a big fan of the hair style!
Your hairstyle and glasses (to say nothing of other outstanding features) suit you perfectly; and, while I don't know what your weight loss goals are, you look like you'd be justified to set it at "zero."
First things first, your hair is awesome and looks super fluffy.
You and your awesome eyes have a place here and deserve to feel good things.
Keep looking for the little things that make you smile, okay?
You've got gorgeous skin and this deep dark allure to your hair and features that makes you stand out.
You have a very lovely face shape.
People have already complimented your dimples; but everything just sits in this perfect way.
your weight fluctuates due to so many things you cannot control it's really unreliable to trust the number it shows.
Keep your head up and smile.
Life favors the bold and you were bold enough to post here, soon life will smile and you will be the first to see it.
Your smile is really nice and warm.
Your eyes and your hair give you such a classy feel.
They also give you smooth facial features and incredible lips to match.
Those glasses are perfect for your face!
You have a phenomenal smile, also.
You have amazing dimples
Sometimes that voice in your head says you're no good or ugly or any other number of terrible things.
You have such beautiful eyes!
Dude your hair looks sick!
Your eye expression is on point, man.
You have that kind of face I would want to sit with at lunch break.
There is more kindness in your eyes than Reddit deserves.
You have a heart, so use it, my friend.
Don't feel negative about your appearance.
If you use your heart and see inside yourself for what you really are...perhaps you will feel better.
You have lovely dimples, i like the way your eyebrows frame your face, and your hairstyle is really cute!
You honestly look great for a new mum, your make up, hair, and complexion all look great!
You have such a great smile!
Your eyes look gorgeous and your face has a really nice glow that would dazzle anyone, not to mention that gorgeous color of your hair.
girl you got some flawless skin.
You have a beautiful, soft face and very honest, if timid, smile.
I'm fairly certain as well that even if you yourself see weight issues, I do not.
I love your cheeky half-smile and the fact you have a dogtag shaped like a bone.
Keep your head up and keep on the job search.
Keep your head up.
The other person might have just "smiled and nodded" through the interview, and you might wind up getting it soon down the line!
Thanks for your kind words and I hope you have had a beautiful day!
Your determination and kindness is contagious; we should all try to be more like you!
You have amazingly beautiful eyes and good features.
Your eyes have a very genuine look to them, you look like a trustworthy person.
If you can forge an online friendship, it means that despite the distance and indirect contact, you are kind, fun, and deep enough that despite the barriers, your personality seeped through.
Your eye makeup is so awesome that I didn't even notice the hair at first.
Your face just drew me in.
You look pretty f'ing cool to me, definitely would turn my head.
They will come back around now that you're back on your feet, but try not to hold their absence against them!
You have a nice smile and beautiful eyes.
Go out to bars, get on tinder and make yourself desirable, idk what else to say because you could easily pull chicks just off the way you look and dress.
You look gorgeous and caring and there is a spark in you eye and smile that makes me think you can have fun and not take yourself too seriously.
My question to you is, what kinds of awful women do you surround yourself with and why?
If you were indeed ugly - which you ain't - then what kind of woman would say "You're ugly" to a person she thought was ugly??
Your problem is 100% in your head, and in addition to working on yourself, you also need to not hang around those same women, and not ask women what they think of you.
She already likes you and you're very handsome, you look like the kind of person that I'd be comfortable around in no time!
You look like a very cute girl, the smile definitely makes it!
As a heterosexual male, if a dude had your body I'd date him bc he'd be hella attractive...
And you smile lights up your face.
You have the most amazing body.
You have an amazing body, and the kindest face
I'd love to have your figure!
Also you have an excellent smile.
You without a doubt have cute tiny ears with a great skin complexion and tone.
What kind of blind idiot is telling you that you look like a dude?!
Oh sweet girl, you look like a really kind and friendly soul!
Don't let the worrying steal the joy in your beautiful smile away!
Your body is absolutely gorgeous.
Everyone out here callin' you a dude needs to go see an eye doctor... and those *arms*, man, ***yes.
Then I see your face.
You're the guy I'd go to - I'm handing those files off to you for safe keeping.
You look like you can think of on your feet and get the job done.
You have really captivating eyes (that's important if this ever gets turned into a 'based on a true story' movie).
If I'm looking at a sea of faces - you would be my go-to guy.
I posted to this sub a couple months ago and I want to thank you all for your kind words I am a little more confident now but I still get roasted by some girls (lol) It is my 18th birthday in a few days and I'm trying to get my life on track you guys do a lot and you may not realise it thank you.
Keep your head up and keep going strong.
And friend, your skin is flawless and hair is perfect, people would die at your age for that skin.
Trust me, girls will fall head over heels for you friend.
Keep your head up and keep on trucking.
You can pair your shirt with your pretty eyes all you want, you still won't get any followers on Instagram because you pick boring backgrounds!
Also you have really nice eyes
Your eyes are SO blue, your momma took one look at you and said "This is my child and I will do everything I can to protect him.
Do all your clothes match your eyes?
Cheers to your captivating eyes and attention to detail (your shirt matches them perfectly)!
Your nice green eyes are gay
Your eye color should be called "Panty-Soup Blue".
Your forehead is so nice it would be a shame if a helicopter tried to land on it
TBH your face kinda looks like Antoine Griezzmann's.
The glossiness of those algae-covered, soulful oceans of endless depth you call eyes are only matched by the glossiness of that dank, crimson hoochpuffer you call a bong, now pass me the lighter.
And a layer of Noxzema on your forehead will clear that right up for ya, partner, leaving it as blazingly sparkling as the rest of your ivory-colored epidermis.
Your face looks so sweet, I'm not sure how to explain it besides soft??
No matter how ugly or horrible you feel your body cares about you, and since you are your body, you care about yourself.
I like your face.
Definitely agree with the others...very cute and sweet face which is a really great thing as it makes you look friendly, kind and approachable...which I'm sure you are!!
Your eyes and smile are also pretty :) x
You got a stupid cute face you loser.
Yeah go use those beautiful eyes and cry to your mother you baby.
You made me smile.
It's like your eyes are trying to tell me a story and then the rest of your face is like "OMG that's going to take forever, just listen to my story real quick and then go back" but neither story ends.
The makeup is great and you look great.
Your eyes I know.
But don't Focus only on them, your hair is super nice, too.
Your hair and eyes are absolutely stunning.
Honestly, that key around your neck may as well be the key to my heart, cause you made it there.
Your eyes are beautiful
I really like your hair and that dress sure knows how to put your assets to good show.
*hug* I really like the shape of your face.
I also absolutely love your eyes and your hair!
You have the perfect lips!
You are a beautiful woman with a beautiful soul.
I love your makeup and your lips are beautiful.
Is it your beautiful eyes?
I bet it's your beautiful eyes...
It's not weird, it's striking, your eyes look beautiful and captivating.
Not at all you have a great jawline and such defining eyes!
I like your face.
And your curls are wicked cute.
You have really gorgeous full lips, and the perfect hair!
Oh, and your eyebrows are really nice -- and your eyes really sparkle.
So basically - your face....
You have a nice beard, and I like your shirt.
Also your hair is beautiful!
Either you have mad curling skills, or you have naturally gorgeous curly hair -- super lucky!
You have the prettiest eyes and mouth I've ever seen.
Don't feel bad or weird about your appearance.
Your nose ring is fucking rad.
More experience means you've learned what's really worth your time and effort, that's maturity, and that's what empowers you to make choices that will bring you lasting happiness.
Mine is patchy and needs a lot of work, you look like a Sea Captain ready to plunge a harpoon into the soft underbelly of a mortal enemy, a year flowing down your cheek as compassion and rage well up within at your revenge.
Anyway, I just like your beard man.
It really fits your face and makes you look pretty classy like the others have said!
I love your makeup
You look like the kind of person who'd be an amazing friend.
Your hair is adorable, too!
You are absolutely gorgeous, such a pretty face and love your hair style.
You have a nice smile!
You have a very strong face, get a sweet robe and you could definitely pass for a Jedi knight
You have beautiful skin, a perfect Cupid's bow pucker, and friendly/intelligent eyes.
I also noticed you have lovely nails!
Getting long winded here but.... sometimes feeling confused and unmotivated can help you figure out what you need to focus on.
You have an awesome birthday and a kind face!
Also, your lipstick is gorgeous and your eyebrows are on point.
Your day may have been shitty, but it doesn't show on your lovely face!
You belong in a place of expansive, palatial beauty - grapes peeled and passed, touching lips of ruby - seated on a throne At once sacred and sensual goddess of an ancient story - blue angel - in the land where everything is known drenched in endless colour, empowered, where, doubtless, your enemies cower in the shadow of the arc of your cheekbones - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Happy Birthday, queen bee!
you have a rockin' beard!
You deserve to be smiling so brightly that you'd make people in toothpaste commercials jealous.
Your cheek bones, your brown eyes, your hair, and yes, especially your smile are all gorgeous.
you're simply stunning and your makeup is gorgeous.
Well done and never stop running forward keeping your head held high.
You have Kiera Knightly eyes.
Someone like you deserves to smile so brightly.
You are ridiculously gorgeous and your makeup is on point 💖💕
I hope you have a wonderful day and that somewhere in this thread at least you find a good reason to smile.
I'm hoping you get to a point where you happier than this and smiling brighter than this.
You deserve all the happiness in the world my homie.
You deserve happiness as much as she does, even if you're not the sweetest or kindest person ever.
I like the fact that I can see the outline of your face better and your eyes and especially your piercing.
Basically, the beard was glorious - but it took away from the other good features of your face.
For now try and keep doing that - engage with people, smile when you can.
Heck, I don't even know you and I'm grinning at you in that photo!
Keep your head up and be confident in being yourself to everyone you meet!
You actually look really nice with the shorter beard!
All you have to do now is go day by day, smile by smile, laugh by laugh.
I love your hair.
Your eyes seem kind.
You're a fine figure of a man and those self-esteem sabotage demons can kiss your ass ;)
You have a pretty symmetrical face (lucky) so it looks really balanced with less length in the chin area.
It suits your face better.
Um.... how about you kick those bullies' asses with those two fucking GUNS you're packing?
People smile when they see you, because they like YOU, not your looks!
Your smile makes me smile.
On the other hand, keep your head up.
Your partner in life is going to love running their fingers through your hair :).
I love your glasses and hair as well!
I love your wavy hair!
Your freckles make you look perfect, each placed in its own space for a reason.
From the flowers on your collar, to the multiple guitars, to your absolutely captivating eyes.
The space between your eyes and your freckles makes you look awesomely unique
Just learn to tap it :) You aren't smiling here but i just know that when you do smile your happiness will light up a room because your face already has those hints of warm comfort even when you arent happy
You have the exact perfect amount of just a light dusting of freckles, plump kissable lips, pretty light clear blue eyes, and great hair.
Your eyes and freckles are a beautiful combination.
Also your hair his fantastic.
I just got lost in the milkyway of your eyes.
Hmmm.🤔 Since I don't know you personally these will be general based on your picture.🤗 Cute freckles, healthy skin, strong yet feminine eyebrows nicely contoured, striking eyes, full natural looking lips, shiny healthy hair, good clothing, cool guitar(s) in the background AND...
Sucks you have to endure shitty emotions again when they arise, but at least now your true personality is free to shine without being numbed out.
Your facial hair is a really nice feature as well.
If your looks arent reelin em in, hit em with a personality i know you are hiding under there!
I love your freckles.
For "obviously cool" I give you exhibit A - the amazing colours on your shoulder art.
For "strikingly beautiful" the colour of your eyes speaks for itself.
For "a little bit cheeky" I present the hint of colour in your hair.
You can now move on with your head up and your eyes set on tomorrow being another day.
I wish you all the best and hope you can find peace and happiness sooner than later :).
I see from your post history that you like handing out free compliments, too, so that's a great quality right there!
Your eyes look magnificent.
I'm sure you have a very pleasant personality!
I also believe that if you have a kindness that I see in your eyes, you're probably pleasant to be around!
You have a beautiful face and gorgeous eyes.
Hang in there and you'll find someone who lights up your brain, as well as your heart and when you do, it will all be worth it.
You have stunning eyes and such a cute face!
you are very beautiful, and your eyes are scapes of wonderment!
For example, maybe you're struggling because on one hand you want validation, someone to say you're beautiful, but on the other hand you really want to learn to derive a sense of self-worth from within, so you can be truly free and receive love unconditionally.
that looks like the USS Enterprise on your finger and I love it.
Your eyes, and the way the glasses fit in with your face and your whole look, are breathtaking.
And hey, really cute top, really wonderful tattoo, and gosh you must look absolutely gorgeous with a smile on that pretty face :) ~ with all the strangerly care in the world, / &lt;3
Count on both hands the ones you love.
Keep your chin up and life will be sure to keep it there.
Oh, and I love your teeth.
Your eyes look strong.
I like your hair, it looks like it's cut short and that is something I love and takes a lot of personality to do.
Look around, every little thing you do that helps someone else is a huge plus in their eyes.
If you need to talk, I have open arms.
Keep your head held high, and just know there is always someone out there wishing the best for you, like I am right now.
I'm sorry about your friends, I know it's hard to deal with that kind of loss.
Perfect dimples, your eyes seem to complement your face so naturally along with your eyebrows and lashes!
You have such soft and welcoming skin, your shoulders look perfect to wrap arms around!
You have a very friendly smile that just lights up the picture!
You have the nicest smile, and you make a nose stud look dang cute.
I love your smile, bright like the sun
Looking through this community and seeing people like you that are nice enough to say things like this feels so welcoming that I think I might just face my fears and post here soon.
Thank you for spreading kindness!!!
There is a more fulfilling relationship waiting for you, you just need to look with your pretty eyes and those beautiful lips and glimmering cheekbones to the next beautiful thing that comes your way.
Ugh you totally have that adorable bangs + long hair thing going on, I'm jealous.
Anyway, I've been right where you are, and you really do have to keep smiling through.
Your eyes are like Autumn's delicate and beautiful leaves and your hair reminds me of a line from Good Vibrations by The Beach Boys: &gt; ...and the way the sunlight plays upon her hair Being discarded from a relationship is shattering.
Your complimenting touches the hearts of hundreds of people.
You have really nice eyes!
Its good that you have that mindset to keep smiling through it.
I'm sure the right guy is going to come by and swoop you off your feet any time now.
I love your hair!
You look really pretty, keep smiling :-)
It's his loss he wont see your dazzling smile everyday.
It's in your soulful eyes.
You are very pretty in my opinion and even that little smile brings happiness to my heart.
You should keep smiling with the knowledge that whoever broke up with you made a huge mistake losing a gorgeous girl like you.
Your eyes are magnificent and I love your necklace.
I can get lost in your eyes
If he'll be in pain from having those bad teeth removed then you can be happy that you caused it.
You are very pretty and I can tell you have a good heart and a sweet soul.
You have a beautiful smile, a cute nose and gorgeous eyes.
Also, I am a sucker for long brown hair and eyes like yours; I think you are beautiful, inside and out.
I can see that you are a truly wonderful person with a good heart.
I know things are tough and i'm not going to give you the same old crap people trot out at this time, but hang in there, be the kind, loving person that I think you are and you will reap the rewards.
Honestly, I think you have very pretty eyes and a very nice smile.
You smile here and just moments later somebody sees that and smiles back.
Keep your head up sport.
The sunshine and warm feelings you get from smiling help.
It may not mean much, but I am proud of you for smiling and posting this.
Your eyes are so kind and easy to look into, and you have one of the most adorable smiles.
I think there is a certain toughness in your eyes that you may not appreciate yet.
Keep your chin up!
I love the way you do your hair!
Keep your chin up and try giving some of that love to yourself, because you are the one who deserves it first.
Your smile is genuine.
Your hair is pretty awesome too.
Your eyes are sensational.
Your eyebrows are pretty neat.
May the wind be at your back always, you facing the horizon.
Can I talk about your eyes again?
Your smile proves that!
It'd be a smiling stick figure worthy of making you laugh.
You deserve all the smiles.
It's gonna be ok. Keep your chin up!
Beautiful smile and I see both strength along with kindness in your eyes.
{{{hugging you in my heart}}}
I like your hair
It suits your face so well.
If you ever do plan on losing the weight, is a great and super supportive sub full of kind people.
You look like the character in the book / game / movie (actually probably book or game, movies don't do it so well) which spends most of the story being a bad-ass scrappy rogue showing the boys how it's done and then, near the end, it turns out she's a princess or some other regal position.
You know, puts on a dress for the first time and all the jaws drop.
For starters, you have really pretty eyes and your choice in glasses frame your eyes very well!
You have an attractive face, there is no reason you should t be confident af walking the streets.
Keep your head up!
Keep your head up man.
And from what i can see you have a sick hairstyle too!
I love the soft shape of your face and your adorable little nose!
You should be very proud of yourself 😊 With your kind eyes and nice face shape, you have no reason for low confidence!
This subreddit truly lives up to its motto of leaving you with a smile on your face!
I can see you going places with this kind of art.
You might not be succeeding all the time, in either or both, but keep trying, and you're bringing the kind of wonderful positivity to the world that people who might be feeling the same way as you, need.
That beard and glasses combo is versatile - put on a suit and I can see you in a board meeting... but put on a shirt with the name of an obscure band and you would look like the cool barista guy near my work that everyone loves.
She gave you a ton of things - besides the gift of the wind on your skin, she provided you a life full of memories and a foundation to build your own.
You're a lovely young lady, keep you head up!
You have some awesome hair!
And it suits your face and your style well.
Goes well with your facial hair.
Sending you good vibes right now &lt;3 Btw, are your eyes blue?
😏 your hair looks so fwooshy.
The way your hair spirals down is really captivating for some reason.
I don't know you but I still think of you as a person deserving of the same amount of respect and kindness I give everyone else.
Your eyes make my heart skip a beat,your hair is a smooth as the sand in the beach and has the color that matches the radiance of you.
Nice tattoo, and your hair is pretty!
Your hair glows like the sun.
I love the way your hair curls!
And your eyes are so pretty.
You have total rockstar hair!!!
I like your blond hair a lot.
You and your hair looks fit as heck!
You are so fit that even your hair are doing curls.
Yeah totally, smile : ) you will look twice as good!
Normally I don't like beards like this but it suits you - the old picture is more like a 19th century religious leader!
Keep that beard trimmed neatly and your head shaved for a while and I bet you will find you get a lot more respect from strangers!
Your new beard slims your face, if you were aiming for that.
It also focuses more attention on your eyes, which seem like that great hazel color!
I think you look much more approachable with your trimmed beard and shaved head.
I think your hair was nice too, but the long beard in the first picture is less appealing (to me) than the new look.
I feel like you could be ready to joke and smile if the right opportunity arose.
Yeah, I really don't see why you use makeup, I mean you can't make someone that's perfect look better.
Your eye color is just too pretty!
Also your lips are amazing.
You rock the no makeup look!
I definitely think it makes you look younger and makes your face slimmer!
It's amazing how much a haircut/shave can change someone's appearance (definitely in a positive way in your case)!
You could read up on some of the various beard oils and styling techniques to make the goatee more "polished" if you wanted to refine it a bit.
If you want suggestions, a nice alternative to try could be to let your hair grow to what it was in the before picture, and keep the beard as it is in the after picture.
Your eyebrows are really on-point.
Keep your head up!
Keep your head up too dude.
Damn.. you dumped a good 15 years along with the hair.
Smile to people that you see throughout the day.
The new style really suits your face.
There's more color to your face, the beard looks well kept and not just there.
You look hard as nails.
You have beautiful eyes (looked in your Reddit history).
Your soul is your responsibility.
Remember that howsoever you are played or by whom, **your soul is in your keeping alone, even though those who presume to play you be kings or men of power.
You already are facing your fears, and it certainly doesnt seem to affect your appearance.
I love the choker, and your eyes are stunning.
Well you are adorable, you are very pretty, and your eyes are gorgeous.
Just tell em that you are healthy and are kicking ass!
Your beard is awesome, and im a sucker for red heads.
Especially with your ear pierced like that.
You have an actual willingness to get back up and not let your issues get in the way of living your life instead of succumbing and finding an excuse which makes you one of the strongest of our kind.
Bro, you are rocking that goatee!
The world would love to see your beautiful face more often!
I was really struggling with my workout just now and was down on myself, but then I saw the intensity in your eyes and it gave me a second wind.
But lemme say this, too, in case you yoyo or get an allergic reaction, or hell, eat too much salt on your period... People will fucking adore you even if your face doesn't look as kickass as it does right now.
Your face ain't as important to other people as it is to you.
You're hilarious and you hand out free compliments freely.
The beard cut and smooth head really suit you and you are one of the rare people who not only really pull it off but look like it was a cut that is made for them :-) I am proud of you for getting a fresh start.
I'm too afraid to shave my head myself, but you can definitely rock it, man!
You look tired, but your smile is still shining right through that hard day!
You have an absolutely beautiful, and kind face!
You are a beautiful person, and that can shine through those gorgeous eyes even brighter with a little self-love.
Don't beat yourself up, keep your chin up and remember that you're your own worst critic.
You have such a pretty smile, and your skin - oh my gosh.
You can have so many amazing experiences and provide so much happiness to everyone around you, including your father.
And if you need an ear to bend, feel free to pm me anytime.
I can tell just by reading this that your father loves and cares about you, just from the fact that he had tears in his eyes.
I want you to know that as a stranger, it breaks my heart that you feel that way about yourself.
Even when a gun is held to your head you still have choice.
Let him, someone who loves you and cares, in to your heart.
Savor your memories and tighten your grasp in your mother's hand because the tears that follow (and tears will come because it is completely normal to cry when your loved one is in hospice) are as powerful as your grip.
You can't tie your happiness to him, you need to disengage from him and find it for yourself - physically move away if necessary.
You might feel you need to compromise your own heart in order to make someone else happy - but it doesn't work, it never works.
There is much joy for you to find, if you are willing to let go of your father and follow your own heart.
Your haircut suits you and I am always a sucker for a genuine smile.
You have a very honest, very wry smile.
I've been in your shoes, and I seriously doubt you're as bad as you make your self out to be.
Keep your head up!
I don't know if anybody ever told you this, but you have one of these kind faces.
If you have some scenes in your head.
Write with your brain not your heart
Wishing you lots of happiness and success.
I really like your hair!
Holy crap your eyes are penetrating.
Your freckles are also so adorable.
When the road gets bumpy that's when our true character shows, and the fact that you're smiling away speaks volumes of who you are!
You have a gorgeous face!
You have a great smile-- I love your dimples!
Your freckles are so gorgeous!
Your eyes are also super striking and piercing :) You're absolutely beautiful girl!!
Just know you are cared for and loved &lt;3 P.S the only thing that shows is your beautiful smile and kind heart :)
Your eyes look absolutely lovely!
I'm sorry you have body dysmorphia and anxiety.
I'm not a doctor but does your dysmorphia is the kind that makes you "abnormally beautiful"?, Cuz dear God n.n, you look amazing, your eyes, your cute freckles and your hair, how I wish I could braid it 😍, plus your lips make that smile of you get over the top, I feel like smiling just looking at you ☺️☺️☺️, o know sometimes life is hard, but keep smiling and life's gonna want to smile back at you 😍...
You are BEAUTIFUL and your eyes are such a pleasure to look at.
Keep your head up.
If only you could see yourself through our eyes, you'd never worry again.
Live in your head.
Your eyes are amazing, your eyebrows are perfect and your smile charming.
Your eyes are incredible, love the colour and shape and your makeup skills are intimidating.
Second best your beautiful white teeth and gentle smile.
That hair, omg, I'm sooo jealous of your hair.
Whether you style it or it just happens to come out that way - doesn't matter - you have beautiful hair.
I'm also very confused what kind of people you must be finding to make you dislike even a part of yourself, because not only is your natural beauty a pretty great start by itself, your smile (smiles are nice, world needs more smiles :) ) and the style you seem to be rockin' complement it wonderfully, though the latter two on their own with even a quarter the effort put in would still be worth feeling very proud of.
It's good that you're self-conscious enough to realize that comparing yourself to others isn't making you happy; some people in your shoes might never make a note of that, and that's not a lovely path of unawareness to go on down too long.
You've got a unique and more than good enough look going for yourself, and it'd suck if instead of your body and personality expressing yourself, they were just a generic summary of what's 'most desirable', or the norm, or something less interesting than your natural self.
I love your top/dress, it really flatters the green in your eyes :) You also have really beautiful hair, it's so natural and flowy, i am very envious!!
You have beautiful eyes!!
Hey at least you can grow facial hair, my friend.
Be proud of your hair growing skills!
You have really sweet and kind eyes -- great dimples too!
Your eyes, hair, and face are so gorgeous!
you have killer eyes 😍
I really hope you fell better, besides, a sad face won't let those stunning eyes shine as much as then can 😘 Take care ok?
You eyes and hair are just out of this world and i love the shape of your face and your smile.
You have ridiculously beautiful eyes, a pretty smile and gorgeous hair!!
You are the main character in your life story and you deserve love and happiness and you matter.
you also have a really nice smile, it lights up your face!
Keep your head up, it can't be like this forever!
As a female, I wish I had your eyebrow game, ha!
If no one else has your back, I do and I'm here to talk anytime.
Chin up, OP, you'll find your flame someday!
You have a nicely shaped head for it, not everybody does.
If you fill your heart with joy and peace then nothing will touch you.
"In difficult times, carry something beautiful in your heart."
You have a really nice smile!
You hide it well behind that smile!
You are stunningly beautiful, and I adore your hair.
But you have the open face of someone who would be really delightful to be around.
I agree about your hair being amazing, it makes you look strong and confident, even if you don't always feel that way.
Your eyes are also beautiful and welcoming and I hope that you always feel that way despite the hard times.
You have a beautiful smile and honest eyes.
you are stunning and seem like the kind of person that radiates positive energy and makes everyone around them feel special.
You have absolutely fantastic hair.
Your eyes look so so cute when you smile.
Can I let you in on a little secret, I could never ever look good while smiling or laughing that heartily.
You made me smile just by your picture and I'm sure you must've made lots more people smile.
I like your hair, eyebrows, and smile.
You have kind and welcoming eyes.
I would be drawn to your friendly face in a room full of people:) Hug!
Especially your hair, wow.
As many others before me have said, your eyes are so kind and expressive.
And you have a great Mona Lisa smile in this picture.
I get from your face that you are probably really smart, it shows in your eyes.
Just to reiterate what others have said, your hair is pretty epic, and your eyes are so large and stunning.
Your eyes look like queen nefertiti's and she was known to be the most beautiful queen of Egypt, and going by the bust of her head i would say that seems true.
Your hair is stellar, i love it, as many others do too on this post.
I'm with everyone else on your hair - it's beautiful, and those braids make you look absolutely gorgeous.
I love the little smile lines around your mouth, too - they're so cute, but more importantly, they tell me that even though you're feeling down right now, you never stop struggling against it or stop fighting to have a better day tomorrow.
Your face while you smile transmits happiness and enjoyment.
Just remember that the sun will shine again, and when it does I hope your genuine smile and outward radience returns.
Something about your face shows that you judge no one and in return I hope you are awarded kind and caring friends to carry you through.
Like a friends who's no bullshit, got your back, and fun to be around.
You are beautiful, have wise eyes and a wonderful smile, and that top is perfect on you :)
Your face looks like a painting with those big beautiful eyes.
Your smile just radiates liiiiight.
You look like you have an old soul and it makes me feel cozy.
You have some of the kindest, soulful looking eyes I've ever seen.
You look like the kind of person I'd want hang out with.
Your smile is captivating, sometimes that obviously brings happiness and hope to others.
Keep smiling friend, it'll take you places, places farther those who rejected you could.
You got a *beautiful* body and you have nothing to be ashamed of
What's that yellow badge on your left arm area?
It's your body, decorate it as you please!
Your hair is not crazy--it's gorgeous.
You have have a perfect smile and really pretty eyes, to boot.
No one gets to tell you what to do with your own body.
Your hair is awesome, your freckles are cute and suit you, your smile is beautiful, and your eyes are wonderful and I can tell are filled with love.
Keep your chin up, you're gorgeous
I love your hair and you have amazing eyebrows.
Your smile is infectious, I found myself smiling from your post!
You have a beautiful smile so shine it upon the world .
I love your arms, your freckles, and crazy hair.
You should post it to And regarding the anti-tattoo feedback you got: your body is yours.
No one can police the inflection in your voice, the gait of your walk, the look on your face during a moment of joy, or the way you decorate yourself.
It seems you are counting those freckles and your hair as *detriments*???
Freckles are the best (may I submit / as exhibit 1) and I love your hair... Not really seeing any downside to your look in any way at all...
It's your body and you have the right to decorate it!
You have a lovley smile and your eyes are really pretty!
Your freckles are cute, i have freckles too :)
Your the kind of girl I'd find myself crushing on because you look really kind and sweet :).
And your freckles and hair are super cute and are what help make you you.
But you just have to remind yourself that the kind of people who wouldn't believe you, aren't the kind of people you would want to befriend anyway, and keep moving along with your chin up.
Keep your head held high, you're a very unique individual and that's something others may want to tame, but can't.
It's a great photo, and your freckles are great too, they make you look very cute.
Wow, you are precious.. a smile like that can lighten me up any day.
I love your smile.
You forgot to put your adorable nose on the "love it" list
Also your hair looks really nice and well done.
Any man should be perfectly happy walking in anyplace with you hand in hand.
So now, I just say I got stabbed while fighting a one eyed shark, my point is this, you just got to own it, it's your body and no matter what, you just got to love it.
Keep your head up.
Your beautiful lips accentuate your hidden smile.
Your happiness is worth it!
I just want to say that you have the most beautiful eyes and that I hope you can recover quickly.
Your eyebrows are absolutely stunning!
Your hair is so perfectly styled, there is literally not a strand out of place.
You have a friendly, open face and phenomenal hair!
Spread that genuine smile of yours around and the kindness of others will be there for you like it never left.
And your hair style is fly as heck!
I'm just bungee jumping into your dimples.
Your smile is infectious and fantastic.
Any time you need a pick-me up, just smile at yourself in the mirror.
Keep your head up, think positively, and be kind to others and yourself.
Life is stretching out ahead of you, waiting to welcome you into it's open arms like the Ocean embraces the tide.
Hot;) Your inbox is probably full of dicks right now
They really make your heart beat faster!
And your piercings seem perfect for your face, they accent it really well.
Hey I love your hair very few can pull off the short hair look so well.
You look incredible keep your chin up!
I bet you have a great smile to go with your soulful eyes :)
You look like the kind of person who's just as beautiful inside as they are outside - and you're very beautiful on the outside!
As someone who's a big fan of facial hair, your beard looks amazing!
I wish I could see more of your face, because what you showed us in this selfie is so good!
I'm truly in awe at how you manage to make both having a huge beard and being clean shaven look amazing.
I honestly couldn't choose, but I like the picture with no beard better because you have such a welcoming smile on full display!
You really have one of those smiles that lights up a room.
There's something in your eyes that tells me you're very empathetic.
Your beard is on point my man and those lips are one of the best that I've ever seen.
With the beard, you look all outdoorsy and fun and Idk, you'd be the most fun fun person at a party.
Without the beard, you look adorable.
Now, I'm partial to beards so I'd say keep the beard, but man aren't you beautiful.
Your hair and eyes are gorgeous, wow!
You are the product of millions and millions of years of adaptation, reactive mutation, and the will of the human race to survive.
You're the kind of girl I wish I had the guts to talk to when I was your age.
This sadness will pass, and you will, one day, look at a sunset or a rainbow and smile.
You will smile because you will realize that, even with the bad times, life can be beautiful.
You will be able to smile.
Because you're awesome, and you deserve happiness.
I'm a sucker for the facial hair but you also have a really nice jawline soooo..maybe short medium sized beard?
It would frame your jaw real nice and give your face some depth.
I like the beard but I think it would look nicer on you if you kept it a bit shorter!
It said, "Achieve your own happiness by helping others find theirs."
Remember that kindness is your greatest accomplishment.
Regardless of what the world does to you, gives to you, or keeps from you, greet your obstacles with a defiant smile to let the odds know that they can just fuck right off.
Send me a PM if you need to talk or get something off your chest.
Forget the beard, your eyes look amazing!
Just know that there are many arms that will open to you and love you as I do so don't feel like you have to do this alone.
You will find happiness.
I'm sorry I can't be there to hold your head up.
Doubt either of them have as nice as eyes as you do!
Working out what you want to focus on is hard - but it's obvious that once you figure it out (and you will) you have the drive to get where you want to go.
Seeing this photo, we were all thinking 'can you... can you just straight up compliment a lady's legs or is that weird...'.
WOW But we are looking at your face too!
In your smile and eyes and cheeks - it shines through how bright and vibrant you are.
You have friends, you have family and best of all, you have yourself, a kick-ass dude that is good company.
I can feel it in your comments and see it in your eyes, you're a beautiful, beautiful person.
Crying is a great way to get so many negative emotions off your shoulders in an instant, making life a little easier to bear.
You deserve love, care, happiness, loyalty, and attention.
You're pretty fucking cool if you have a shirt like that and a beautiful smile.
YES QUEEN also your eyeliner game is totally on point.
Have fun today and spread your happiness!
Maybe people make those comments because you just seem so friendly and like you have a good sense of humor.
I think yours suit your face well.
You look better without makeup.
You have great eyes.
Your hair is so cool and compliments your face so well!
Your hair reminds me of Matt Smith when he was the Doctor.
Keep your head up and be yourself always.
Honestly speaking here from the heart, you don't look like that.
And you are still rockin cool hair and smiling big?
You radiate happiness and confidence and I admire that.
You have a beautiful smile, pretty eyes, great skin, nice eyebrows, cool hair, etc.
You have great skin, a friendly smile, great teeth, and you look friendly and open.
Your hair is perfect, your face is perfect, and you are perfect.
P.S Your hair is fabulous, your skin is envy inducing for super models, and you're lovely!
I love your hair, sunglasses, and badass attitude!
Firstly, your eyeliner game is on POINT.
That also means that you have experience, both good and bad, filling your head with knowledge and compassion and interesting facts that make you useful at pub quizzes.
Keep smiling, remember all the good things that have happened to you since you were 18, all the awesome people you've met and the places you've been, and when your birthday arrives, have cake for breakfast because you're a goddamn grownup and you make the rules now 😝
I like your hairstyle!
You look fine :) like a normal, happy, supermarket shopper, with awesome pink hair!
I can see how your heart would be aching after all this.
Your hair is so beautiful, your eyes are stunning and your skin is literally perfect!
Wow, I know this is kind of a shallow compliment... but I'm seriously in love with your hair!!
It's THE perfect pixie and fits your face shape so perfectly 😍😍 my follicles are feeling jealous!
It's a lot easier to carry the load when you halve the weight.
You're the kind of girl I'd see and think to myself that I'd never have a chance because you are so out of my league.
Adversity is difficult enough in life but even more so when it's coming from your own body.
Your hair, lips and eyes are juat beatiful!
I also love your hair.
That lipstick also compliments your skin tone really well.
Also you have a very cute nose!
It really accentuates your face!
And you have a radiant smile.
I think the asymmetry of your face is charming and makes you even more attractive.
I love your combed hair sir!
Chin up lad, absolutely nothing wrong either the way you look!
Your hair looks awesome by the way mate, but it will be your self belief that impresses her.
Don't let your insecurity ruin a chance at happiness.
:) but your hair style skills are way better than any man I personally know =D
Keep being yourself and keep on holding your head high.
You have GORGEOUS eyes.
Your eyes are so beautiful!
Sometimes people just grow apart, or internal insecurities boil in the back of the subconscious until you have to destroy something to get out of it (which doesn't really help).
You've got amazing hair, youth and health and that's just for a start, I don't even know any of the cool things about you other than what this picture shows.
Immerse yourself in things that make you feel good, like spending time with friends or family, volunteering for a cause close to your heart or working on your favourite hobbies.
Relationships are a form of compromise because of how much you love someone, but to be able to compromise as much as possible you have to indulge yourself when you're alone :) chin up beautiful, someone will come knocking right when you least expect it and then you'll be thinking "I wish they didn't take up so much room in bed..." :)
:D Anyway, joking aside, your hair is straight 🔥.
I hope you have a pleasant day and try to make someone smile today.
Couple of things: the shitty stressful week is over and it's getting better by your own admission; you have the more gorgeous eyes I've seen in ages; LOVE your hair so jealous of the lovely red!
You do have great features, great eyes and a great face shape.
You have a great smile and I wish I could have curly hair like that.
Also you seem to know what makeup looks good on you which is rare for most girls.
You literally have some of the prettiest eyes I've ever seen, and your teeth are perfect, white and straight.
Your lips are full, and you have a great facial structure, with nice cheekbones etc.
This picture is lovely and I love your curls.
Your smile looks so warm and genuine
Yo thats a real heartfelt smile you got there!
Your teeth are incredibly straight and you have very warm and friendly eyes.
You have great skin and perfect teeth!
It's about what's in your heart, about the happiness you bring to yourself and others by just being yourself.
Keep those things in your heart and cherish them.
Your smile is absolutely gorgeous!
You are absolutely beautiful, and i'm super jealous of your healthy looking teeth!
You have kind eyes.
You have amazing teeth, makes for a gorgeous smile!
You have a lovely smile and it really shines through your whole face, I should imagine spending time with you would make any one feel happy!
Listen to what your heart believes you are.
Your smile is absolutely infectious.
You look like the kind of person whose smile lights up the entire room.
You are very beautiful and have amazing red hair!
The first thing I noticed was not your hair.
Your eyes are also gorgeous.
I don't care about your hairline.
I know in your heart you do as well.
Your hair doesn't look thin, just very fine and baby-soft.
The high forehead simply makes you look dignified.
But if you do decide to go for a hairpiece for whatever reason--confidence, the ability to change up your look painlessly--you've got a rockin' face shape that'll be flattered by pretty much anything you would pick.
I think your hair is cute- the color and cut are great.
You have beautiful eyes and skin tone.
That being said, if the hair piece will make you feel better- do it!
I think you have the kindest and safest eyes I've ever seen!!
Your smile is also warm and kind!
You look like the perfect person to ask for a recommendation for a book, my kind of person.
Your hair really doesn't look that thin.
You have a very nice face and your glasses really compliment you.
If you really want help with your hair go to a good stylist.
There are options out there where you don't have to wear a hair piece or wig.
Product and knowing how to style your hair can make your hair look tons thicker.
Be yourself always and hold your head up.
Keep that thought in your head going forward.
Mine thinned more on the crown though and if I was in the sun you could see the top of my head.
I get that you are losing your hair and it sucks but it hasn't taken anything away from your looks.
I love the color of your hair with your skin tone.
You have the cutest face!
Man, your hair is AWESOME!
Got to mirror everyone else sadly, your hair is epic!
I'd love hair like that for a day just to suitably look like the idiot old fart 32 year old I am :) suits you so much.
Your hair is cool as fuck and your face+glasses are super cute.
It's sometimes hard to have your head held high when people don't support you but try not to tie your self worth to others.
Aren't you hot😍😍 You look like the kind of person who could be called when drunk and you'd help.
First of all, I don't think you're fifteen when you have a full beard and visible chest hair.
You are powerful in your uniqueness and individuality and will face many crossroads on the journey of life- but remember none are so precious they are worth forgoing the promise of what lies ahead.
Keep your head up high and go.
You have kind eyes.
I'm 100% confident another kindred soul will see your kindness and treasure it/you.
I may not know you, but I can see in your eyes how much love you have to offer, and I *know* that you'll be able to find someone who loves and appreciates you for it.
You super - rock that facial hair!
I have always loved fuzzy heads that you can just play with the hair I'm glad that you're out of that relationship!
Your provably feeling all kinds of conflicting emotions, but I'll just say that I've had a few terrible significant others and it helped me to recognize how awesome my now - husband is
Hey, I think you look great :-) Keep smiling :-)
A LPT I have is if you're going to do a big experimentation with your hair / any new look, it helps if you do it before a vacation.
You have the ability to do anything if you set your mind straight and your body forward.
Not everyday you see this kind of thing!
If you want to bleach your hair, fucking go for it.
your smile could send off a thousand ships!
I really like your hair as well, such a delightful golden brown transition.
Keep your chin up!
If you hate it, shave your head and that'll be the end of it :) Just remember, if you keep it, condition your hair like mad!
When you walk by people with that smile, you can only make them smile too!
Keep your chin up, kid :)
I appreciate your sense of humor (good username and I'm also part of the ugly crier club, aaayyy) and you have beautiful skin and eyes!!
Keep your head up pretty girl, you'll be okay.
Your smile says you have a good soul.
You're a beautiful woman, don't ever let your self-esteem get in the way of your personality.
AAAAAA your hair is so gorgeous, it compliments your eyes perfectly!
You have such a radiant smile, it makes your face light up!!!!
I love your hair and I can kind of see Zoey Deutch in you.
You have a great smile.
I hope that smile is because you too are a badass.
I personally like how your hair is now :) you look great just how you are!
Hey you're really beautiful,you have a great sense of fashion and your eyes,your hair and your smile mesmerize me :)
not only do you look beautiful with a smile, that hair!
Also you have a symmetrical face and beautiful eyes.
Most girls would kill for your bone structure, them cheekbones though 😋
Damn, everyone is saying go for it but I say don't... not because you'd look bad, but I just like the brown better, I think you're a very handsome dude, youd kinda look like a celebrity if you grew a beard, I can't think of who though.
Keep your head up!
You've sent a little comfort a long way with your smile.
If it's something you want then go ahead and do it, hair changes so quickly that you can always correct it if you change your mind - I think it looks awesome as it is, but would love to see the bleached version as well when you go through with it!
You have the clearest loveliest complexion
Well besides the fact that you're clearly a hottie, you have such a kind face.
Your beautiful, love your smile, its the kind that lights up a room
You should be proud of yourself for putting in the hard work to find your happiness.
Keep your head up high and be yourself always!
Maybe you could try a new hair style, or new clothes, to boost your confidence.
It can be hard but try and have something each day that makes you smile.
Go for the bright future that we can see in your smile!
Thanks for all for the kind words, and for brightening up my day, I really appreciate each and every one of you :)
It's already been said a few times, but there's a reason why everyone is mentioning it, you have a great smile!
You have a a great facial shape and really lovely, intense eyes.
Close your eyes and just focus on your breathing.
I love your hair and those eyes are model like.
You have a great sense of humor by posting a selfie in a car.
You look amazing and I love that beautiful smile!
Your style of dress is impeccable!
You've got a really good facial structure and your hair is on point.
I agree with the other comment about your hair.
You have a beautiful smile, I hope it's not too long before it comes to you easily again.
I've read some of your posts, and you have the most beautiful heart.
You've got great features, and I'm so envious of your eyes.
Things are messy, but you've got so much going for you that once you get things sorted in your head you'll be on to better things.
You just remember that suriving any kind of crash is always lucky, and people will always come and go throughout life, you remember the good times you had with them, and learn from the mistakes made.
Your eyes look kind, but tired, like you've seen a lot and you need a rest.
You look bad ass.
The structure of your face is striking, your hair and make-up accentuates it perfectly.
I love your hair!
That and your eyes make you really pretty.
And yet somehow, you still manage to smile.
You have a new day to tackle and that's worth all the happiness you have.
The sunrise opens your eyes to the brisk dawn.
The military taught me this breathing excercise to help focus on the bigger picture and relieve stress: take a deep breath, then let it out through your nose while picturing the number 1.
Repeat with 2 and 3, then open your eyes and relax.
Car crash, break up, and your hair is STILL on point?
Well, your hair looks great and you are super cute.
Your hair looks really lush and soft - whatever you've been doing, keep doing it.
Your eyes and eyebrows are absolutely beautiful.
I was floored by you the first time and it makes me grin like an idiot to see your picture again.
You'll absolutely find someone more deserving of you, so keep your chin up.
Friends walking out sucks, but you can't change peoples hearts, and if that's how they feel, then even if they stuck around, it wouldnt make ya happy.
Also you have great eyes and you look sweet so you have that going for you :)
You have such a lovely face that makes me feel nostalgic for happy times.
I wish I could have my father possess your father if only briefly to tell you the kinds of things that a father should say in this situation.
Keep your chin up!
You a stunning, I'm sure you turn heads whenever you walk into a room.
Your whole look is glamorous and there is a remarkable depth to you eyes.
Keep your chin up buttercup.
Keep your chin up!
I certainly couldn't help it - you're beautiful and your smile is perfect.
If you're depressed, that's going to twist how you see your appearance.
Your smile is gorgeous.
Great hair, skin, eyes, figure, and your smile is so brilliant it's making me smile!
(I just look kind of uncomfortable when I smile...) You're a really cool person and I bet your friends know they're lucky to know you.
You have a pretty cute face especially with your smile!
You have gorgeous eyes and an enchanting smile!
You have endearing eyes and a beautiful feel about you.
Your smile is so beautiful!
I saw one of your comments from a few days ago, and I am going to give you back your own advise!
Keep you chin up!
You ask anyone who knows me and they'll tell you I'm an incredibly kind person who is always there to lend a listening ear, kind voice and word of advice if needed.
Here's the compliment: You have a great hair cut.
I would kill to have your frame and biceps.
Don't worry about your hair.
Keep your head up buddy.
You look absolutely stunning, love your hair and your glasses are very cute (I hate it when people say that to me but it really does seem appropriate).
Your figure looks absolutely wonderful as well.
Second, you are going to kick this health thing in the ass then kick even more ass getting things handled.
I imagine your smile to be the kind of smile that lights up corners.
I hope they figure out what's happening soon and you can get back to being you!
It looks like you have pretty awesome boobs.
I love your hair!
The progress you have made is insane, congrats on the new job as well, I am also very funny about haircuts, it looks great and suits you and I am sure you will be rocking the look before you know it
And your hair is gorgeous.
You have very nice hair.
You're going to kick the Bar's ass when you get there.
Facing pain and rejection and refusing to be embittered by them is admirable, and it increases your worth, not diminishes it.
You've got amazing hair and your eyes are killing me.
You look like you have a very sensitive soul, so I'm sure this is an extra rough time.
Keep your chin up and know that everything will get better, as cliché as that is to say.
In a gay man eyes', suck as myself, you are very handsome and I'm sure you're very sweet.
You just have to keep your head up high and your heart beating quickly.
That look on your face is priceless; I can tell you have a great sense of humor.
You are rocking that beard and that hair, man.
You look like a nice dude, also I love ur hair and beard
Your reallly hot, got that jawline everyone wants and great eyes.
Stay positive, divorces suck for everyone involved but you will be ok. Plus, you have a magnificent beard, nothing can go wrong!
You look A LOT like (I had to take a closer look at your face and tattoo to realize it wasn't actually him) a guy I used to work with and he had to fend off the girls with a stick.
As others have said, the beard fits you perfectly.
I have one that makes me look 12, and that's ok, but that's a fine face of hair you got there.
As for your looks dude, you look great, got a good build and you have one great beard going on, I think maybe you need an outlet for your emotions so you can actually start feeling again instead of being hollow.
Chin up, in no time life will be brighter and you will see that all the pain was for something better to take its place :)
And your hair is the perfect kind for playing with.
You also have a really sweet beard!
I took a look trough your comments and everyone can see, that you're a wonderful person, with a big heart (almost as big as your brown deer-eyes) and I swear on my Lipton Tea (which I deeply love): you're going to find a girl just as lovely as you are!
Read books, work out to make sure you have a healthy body and do things that interest you!
Be authentic, follow your heart, express yourself, trust that you have greatness within.
Your eyes are gorgeous.
Ideal facial hair, not every dude can pull off a mustache without looking like Mario and/or Luigi, and you do so effortlessly.
You probably don't realize it, but you've also got more muscle in those arms than you probably give yourself credit for.
you have some undesired weight!, People don't have any reason to make fun of you, nor yourself to make less of you!
You can do it, you survived and you can see it in your eyes!
Your lips and cheeks are gorgeous and you genuinely look absolutely beautiful (Those eyes...
Would love to see a full body shot to see how your progression is going.
When I got to an average weight my colour and look was really healthy, and now I've actually tipped towards the slightly tubby end of things - but you know what, I still feel great.
You have a wonderful smile, gorgeous eyes and a really pretty face.
You may be unhappy with your current weight but remember that you conquered anorexia, so your brain is still wired in this way.
You have gotten over a life-threatening disorder and you still have a beautiful smile that lights up your face.
Wow, I'm so jealous of your eyes.
Your smile is gorgeous.
Keep your head in the right place and make something of it.
Oh my god your eyes are absolutely stunning.
You are unbelievably beautiful with the world's kindest eyes.
You are healthy and beautiful, and you look confident in your own skin.
You have a naturally beautiful face and amazing skin, and the kind of nice full lips that people pay surgeons to get.
Your lips and eyes are just fantastic.
Love your hair as well.
I really like your curly hair, it really fits your head shape.
As someone who is on a weight loss journey right now I can tell you, I would kill to be your size!
You have a lot to be proud of, so hold your head high!
I don't want to push you to do anything you don't want to do (because I know many people tried to do that when I was in my ED, and I resented them), but, please, message me if you want to rant, if you want to talk about recovery, if you need an ear, or if you just want to talk about the weather.
Also, your hair is freaking amazing.
:) I love your eyes Anorexia is a colossal bitch.
Your eyes are very cool :)
I want your hair dude¡!, Awesome!
Your face is so lovely and your body is perfect.
You're strong and beautiful and wonderful ❤️ Edit to say that your eyes are mesmerising
I love your smile &lt;3
Off topic but I immediately noticed your eyes from the thumbnail.
You're not fat at all, you have a beautiful face and a really nice smile!
Also your eyes are gorgeous and I love the hairstyle you have in the first picture.
You are beautiful and judging from the way you've replied to every comment in such a wonderful way so is your personality.
You deserve stability and happiness.
Ya see that smile in those photos you took?
Your face is so perfect and your eyes are stunning It's crazy how bad our brains can mess with us.
The pink tie really pulls your look together and your hair looks good too!
Not to mention that your hair really suits you and you're also just generally attractive and seem like a nice person.
Life is scary sometimes, good job holding your head up in the face of that.
Your hair is amazing!
I know it can hurt giving somebody your all only to have it fail, but you look like a great guy and I'm sure in the future you will find someone who will appreciate all of your efforts Keep smiling!
The best and worst part about a forever kind of relationship is that the other person has to love you back just as much.
Stay strong, keep your chin up, and stay positive.
I don't know what you see with dysphoria, but I see someone comfortable enough to post a full body picture on the internet, something I'm sure as shit not brave enough to do, even on a throwaway.
Here's what to fix... fix the frowny face in your post to a smiley face.
Sometimes the best way to get over one is to get under another so head out with the guys, have some fun, keep it light and when lightning strikes you will know.
Keep your head up bro.
Even if you put all the effort in, if she didn't lift a finger it would have never worked.
I think that you have pretty eyes.
This is gonna sound like a weird one - but I think you genuinely have a nice face.
My face is all craggy and scowling these days, but yours looks really friendly, I'm sure when you smile at people in the street they can't help but grin back
:) edit: Also forgive me for aksing, but is your right eye a glass eye/lens.
Your right eye isn't shining from the light and your left is.
You'll meet a new girl, fall in love with her (probably make some babies with perfect teeth, no seriously, your teeth are perfect) and after some time, the good memories who are hurting you right now, will make you smile in the future.
And with a smile like that... it will be like a lighthouse letting them know what a fun guy you are.
Keep your chin up pal, let everyone see what an awesome and cool guy you are, and the future will take care of itself :)
A new partner will come along, they will fall in love with your beautiful smile and your love for music.
Well if your future is as bright as your smile, you've got nothing to worry about!
The one person who should always have your back is you.
Also I love your glasses and am a little teensy jealous of them brows.
Your hair looks awesome, wish I had as much on head these days :)
Thank you for your time and kindness.
Brush your shoulders off and take that moody glare you have going ( makes my heart melt!!!)
You don't need a modelling job anyway, you're going to kick ass regardless of what you do.
But keep your head high!
At the end of the day, it'll be hard to ever get theses thoughts out of your own head.
You never know with that kind of thing.
Enjoy it while it lasts, make memories with anyone and everyone you meet, treat others with kindness, and above all, remember that you are brilliant.
You have such beautiful eyes.
Your eyebrow game is so on point, grrr!
I hope things look up for you so you can smile as wonderfully as you do!
I like your glasses, and your hairs got a beautiful wave to it☺️
Your outfit is so put together and stylish, and your eyes are so beautiful.
It may seem like it will, but you know in your heart it won't.
They really fit your face.
You should smile more, its a nice smile😁
 Those frames look good on you
Your beard is majestic and trimmed perfectly!
You have great eyes.
You are rocking that amazing beard!
You're looking suave as hell, and smiling suits you 😊
Your eyes look so kind.
your hair looks like it's soft and moisturized well, but without being greasy.
You have such kind eyes hat I bet even when you don't smile you look approachable and friendly!
It really suits your face shape.
You have such a kind aura, and you look great 😊
Loving the floral pattern, the colours proper make your eyes pop!
Your skin looks so wonderful and your cheeks are so cute :) you look really good in it and love the design you've chosen - if anything it draws attention to just how pretty you are.
Your face is the perfect shape for that!
Your eyes look amazing!
Also I love your lil smile, can see a cute dimple there too.
More to the point, you've got this look in your eyes that seems to say "This is who I am, and I am downright pleased with it."
Keep holding that lovely head high and live your life on your terms.
We've got your back.
You have the sweetest eyes.
That look on a persons face that looks so warm and nice, so you know that the person is nice at first sight?
Keep smiling, you got this!
Your eyes are ABSOLUTELY beautiful, honey!
I really like your beard!!
It frames your face well!
It sounds like everything is falling into place for you and I'm happy you have a smile on your face!
You have the prettiest eyes and I love that smile!
You have amazing skin, and you're very handsome overall!
You deserve all the happiness in the world and I wish you the best.
Holy shit dude, your beard is fly as fuck.
Get your chin up!
How is her jawline so defined even when smiling please share your secrets
You have the face of someone with a beautifully kind heart :) your smile is super sweet, and you've got gorgeous eyes.
😊 Also, I love the frame style you have for your glasses, it's my favorite!
Hey pull that smile wider as it goes with your lovely eyes.
Have a good weekend and smile and think of your Reddit family here :)
I'm jealous of your hair and makeup, it's so pretty.
Your hair is fantastic.
Your hair is so cool.
And your smile is very kind.
I don't know what is going on with the twists in your hair, but they look awesome!
Keep your head up and shine that great smile!
Your eye makeup looks amazing!
Love your eyeliner and braids!
Keep your head up :) Every new day has infinite potential.
There is a brilliant light inside of you that shines out of your beautiful heart.
You have really lovely eyes, and I like the way you do your make up a lot.
Sorry your days been stressful, keep your head up and things will definitely turn around!
You have beautiful eyes and a bitchin goatee.
The awesome work on your facial hair?
I won't comment on how beautiful you are because i can see better writers than I have already nailed it.
Your hair is really great!
You have a nice smile, you could even smile brighter and show those teeth :) Clean room, 👍👍 we like that.
Your face is very symmetrical!
I love that you have an asymmetrical hairdo to work with it!
You are blessed with hai/eyes that have warm complimentary tones, when you're older getting your jush on for clubs you'll be a teaspoon of wax and a sweep of the hand away from looking swelligent.
You have a lovely face and look like a really cool person.
I bet when you smile it lights up your whole face.
Losing weight is not for the weak, and you are proving yourself to be strong!
But right now, regardless of the motivation, congratulations on improving your health and getting to a weight that makes you happier with yourself.
This is my own personal taste, but if you shaved your beard you'd be like a 9/10.
Seriously, your have great hair and facial features.
You already started to lose weight!
Your eyes are so nicely deep set and look so kind and your smile is so contagious.
You have such nice skin too!
Im surprised you had a beard!
Your haircut is also on point, I would have thought it was professional since it suits you so well
Who in their right mind would give you crap about your hair?!
I'm surprised you haven't been complimented on your dimples yet!
Your hair is cool.
You'd turn me into a drooling idiot with those cheekbones and your smile fits them perfectly.
You have mesmerizing eyes.
Your eyes are gorgeous, warm, and inviting.
Your smile is bright and friendly, and your facial structure is simply stunning.
You have a gentle look about you and a nice smile!
Love your hair too!
You have nice teeth (super important to me personally) lonely hair and really warm eyes.
You look beautiful and that smile is cuter than cute.
You have such a nice smile with perfect teeth, it genuinely makes me jealous.
Wow, your eyes are amazing!
You have a nice smile too.
You are adorable and those eyes are gorgeous!
I know it's been said, but your eyes are stellar.
You have a pretty unique face but I think that's a wonderful thing.
I love your lips.
You have pretty eyes and a very nice smile.
I like your wind tossed hair.
From a straight dude... you have amazing eyes and eye lashes man!
Smile with your teeth!
People are totally right about your eyes, and you also have fantastic eyebrows and facial hair.
I'm especially jealous of your beard.
You seem like you'd be funny and charming and a little kick ass.
You look like your gonna nail this with bad assert I can see the glint in your eyes.
And your eyes are a gorgeous color.
Your eyes emit a gentle and warm light.
I'm a very introverted person when you first meet me, but from your warmth and down-to-earth smile, I wish I could get a hug from you!
Your eyes are amazing!
They really stand out and your smile is very soft and genuine, I love it :) keep hanging in there.
Your face reminds me of the cool guy in middle/high school that everyone thought was super cool and hot.
You deserve happiness and you have already shown that you CAN do it!
lol I'm sure by now you know you have beautiful eyes but it doesn't hurt to say it again :)
It frames your eyes beautifully!
Your face reminds me of my fathers, in a really calming way, he died when I was 2
and squeeze your cheeks!
 You have a really kind looking face!
You're pretty :) you have really nice smooth brown skin and a great smile.
You're gonna make somebody proud to hold your hand.
You actually look good, you have cute eyes (no homo)
I just love your style, the glasses, the short hair, the dark lipstick.
Your eyes look super friendly, I'd befreind the shit out of you.
Your eyes are unbelievably great looking!
Not only that, but your smile is really warm and genuine.
You look like the kind of guy who everyone can rely on.
You have great eyes, and I really dig your style, the glasses suit.
You have very nice eyes and eyebrows.
You look very good in glasses and I bet you have an amazing smile under that hand.
one suggestion on those hard day's is fine and outfit you know you look cute in and wear it and watch the heads turn!
First off your gorgeous, I love how deep and expressive your eyes are.
Wow, you really made the right choice that hair looks fantastic!
Do not let a mental retraction hold you back, just smile and continue to do what you do best, live.
It fits you head perfectly and it looks really modern as well!
Your skin tone is fabulous and you have very nice facial features.
You've got a really solid jaw and chin, it gives your face a distinguished shape.
You seem like the kind of guy young petite white girls would be into, just make sure you ID them first, you don't want one that's too young :)
Those wrinkles on your head speak knowledge and experience.
You have nice eyes and cheekbones and beautiful white teeth.
Keep your head up friend.
Keep your head up, girlie!
Beard is on point and fits your face well
I think the hair looks good on you :) You can definitely rock this look more often, I love it!
Your smile teaches me to embrace my insecurities and to smile even when going downhill.
I will try to wear a nice smile like yours today :') I wish you confidence and happiness man.
Don't let other people erase that beautiful smile off your face
Your hair and eyes are gorgeous and unlike myself have a sense of style XD please have a wonderful day and enjoy yourself
Your hair really makes you look a lot more brave and outgoing and I would enjoy striking up a conversation with you on a subway on a daily commute.
Your hair looks very nice with your bright smile.
You seem like you could rock any hair style.
If your day was ruined by someone saying something negative about your hair then they're crazy.
)': I was also forced to cut my long beautiful hair very short (like you can see in the picture).
You have the type of face to pull off any hair style/color and still look beautiful!"
I think you look great with short hair!
It really gives your eyes an opportunity to shine, which by the way, are stunning!
You should definitely continue to rock the hair.
I love your freckles and you're very cute!
Youre hair is amazing, your eyes are Fabulous
I bet your full smile is amazing too.
It makes sense a lot of the time, but your kind of smirk is so much better.
You have a really sweet face and genuinely kind eyes.
You have a lovely face :) be kind to yourself, you're a superstar x
You have gorgeous eyes that one could get easily lost in.
Your hair choice also really works for you face.
Tomorrow is a new day keep your head up and smile the hard times will pass.
You have such a friendly face that makes you look really nice.
Your eyes and smile are very comforting.
Tomorrow is a new day keep your head up and smile.
You have a beautiful smile and a very friendly face.
You look like the kind of person that would be a great friend and alot of fun.
Keep your head up and smile because you shine like the sun.
The beard looks really good for your face and you have such a friendly smile.
Keep your head up and smile tomorrow is a new day dude.
You have gorgeous eyes, strong yet gentle.
Smile and keep your head up tomorrow is a new day.
I'm in love with your eyes
You're handsome, your ink is killer, and it looks like you've got an owl on one of dem arms, which means you're a cool dude.
i love your hair!!
With your little freckles and big green eyes.
Not at all man, you got a great beard and some eye catching ink.
If you can beat a flesh eating, soul crushing disease what CAN'T you do?
Your eyes are exactly the same color / ring as my husband's and I LOVE them!
I like your half smile :) Also you suit black.
I love love love your beard and your ink!!
Your hair and eyebrows are awesome and I think if we met in real life I would adore you even more than I do now!!
You seem very sweet:) I love your aesthetic and the contrast of your pale skin and the dark colors of your hai!
You have a uniquely amazing smile and I love your glasses and I think your outfit looks well put together and respectable but not too stuffy.
Wow, your eyes are incredibly captivating and nice!
Your face shape is also really nice, it goes well with your facial hair and makes you look like a very sweet person.
With a smile like that, I'm sure you won't have to wait much longer than you have for a date my friend.
Your smile is a huge positive and I believe if you act kindly toward others, being yourself all the while?
Nothing's shit if you have that many cool tattoos and a badass beard.
Keep your head up.
You have kind and caring eyes.
You must be a kind-hearted soul.
You look like the kind of guy that treats everyone hella nice and shit.
Holy hell grenades girl, you have stunning eyes!
You've got a great smile, and those glasses look great on you
Keep your chin up, there is still someone waiting for your love somewhere!
You dress well and look like you take care of yourself.
Your beard is kick ass and you are still smiling.
Also look at your eyes they are so pretty.
Keep your head up man better times will come!
You have amazing green eyes, a kind, pretty face, and a good sense of fashion.
I love your freckles!
Your hair color is also so cool!
I work in fashion and I think your cloths, style, skin, and overall appearance are great!
Your look will only change subtly, but your hair will look more natural and touchable.
You have a lovely face and pretty hair.
Your smile is amazing and you have great teeth.
That actually takes a lot of courage and it shows you can back yourself - which is what you need to do.
Your hair is amazing.
You have the kind of smile that everyone else can't help but smile back at.
Dang girl, your curls are fantastic!
Yo eyelashes are fire, and your nose is cute too!
Your eyes are mesmerizing.
Like, I'm way jealous of your curls and brows and at the risk of sounding weird, you have super pretty lips!
I don't know if you're into makeup at all but you could totally rock so many cool colors.
You have a smile to die for.
Very strong jawline my dude, you won the genetic lottery!
I think you should grow a beard.
You strike me as someone who is incredibly loyal, who is there for you, who'd have your back and stand up for you when the chips are down.
Your eyes are overflowing with kindness and empathy, and despite the admittedly boss tattoos and rugged exterior, its the kindness in your face that most loudly broadcasts the intangible intricacies of humanity and humility that let me know they god damn, this is a good dude.
I'm asian so I guess I'm just more exposed to that aesthetic being a big part of beauty, but the shape of your eyes are something to be jealous about.
Your eyes convey a fierce strength, a confidence, and an extreme kindness.
Your hair pirouettes into shapes that look both perfect and natural, like you emerged from a windy day looking ready for the oscars.
You're bite the back of your hand, gobsmackingly, almost preternaturally stunning.
I can see that there is consternation in those eyes, and of course based on your post title, it seems like you're really going through a lot at the moment.
You have tangible strength, both in the way in which you described what you're feeling and in the obvious vigor and tenacity I see in your eyes.
You have such a great face and a glorious smile !
But from the looks of this photo , your face and personality probably light up every room you walk into.
Keep your head up and keep smiling!
Your soft smile looks sincere and not like you're forcing a pose for the sake of this pic.
Please don't let this breakup tear you down, chin up.
You have a great build, nice style, amazing smile and gorgeous eyes, you can tell your a genuinely nice dude, like others have said it's that special person who hasn't found you yet!
I'd rub your head for luck.
You look like you can run 5 miles with a small child in a fireman carry over your shoulders and be ready to wrestle the kid's dad then jog to a Cold Stone Creamery.
Those gorgeous eyes look so sad right now, and I wish I could just give you a big hug to let you know that it will be okay.
Keep your chin up!
You are amazing and I love those beautiful curls!
You have really warm eyes and a kind smile!!
Your glasses really suit your face shape, and you dress nicely!
Just remember “when you smile, the whole world smiles with you” :)
You got a killer smile, and your hair looks like it's is nicely, um... is it coiffed?
If you got any kind of personality to go with it as well, you're all squared away, friend.
Besides the fact that you look like you could beat the snot out of anyone who gave you lip about it, you're really rocking that badass pitfighter style.
You make bald work and the beard really looks good on you.
And you look great, your face (despite the sad expression) is very warm and kind.
You have those brown "puppy eyes" that so many women love.
Whatever it is that has you feeling down, I hope you kick its ass.
I think you look really attractive with a bald head.
You have such nice features - chisled jaw, full lips, nice nose, bright eyes.
You have a great smile and fluffy hair that is begging to be ruffled.
But you're still posting pictures of you smiling and letting yourself be vulnerable online, so dude!!
You are super cute with a very nice smile.
And you have warm brown eyes.
Their opinion has nothing to do with your happiness.
aww seeing you made me grin, you look just like my best friend :) thanks for making me smile my dude!
Also, wowie zowie, I'd bury myself in your chest!
I'm not too good at this whole compliment thing, but I really like your nose ring!
They are a good fit for your face shape.
you remind me of chumly from pawnstarns and chumly makes me smile.
so basically your face makes me smile :)
But, you only think you're unattractive because of your weight man!
Try cuz if you lost weight you would be a good looking dude.
You are in incredible shape, which really helps with the bald head.
No way you aren't turning heads.
Maybe it sounds a bit weird, but you look like the kind of guy it'd be super fun to hang out with and just...talk.
I love your hair!
Your hair is adorable.
Your hair is amazing, you eyes are so kind.
Your eyebrows are goals.
I'm so jealous of your skin!
Specifically my hair goals, we got the same hair but your is longer and shinier 😍 did you hate it when you were young like I did?
Once you know what you are facing it's easier to deal with it.
Beautiful skin, you're so pretty &amp; your hair is so luxurious!
Keep your head up, beautiful!
You're hot, great features, your hair rocks.
Your eyes have absolutely magnificently stupendously *loads* of character.
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows will always fall behind you... you got this.
You have such a beautiful smile!!
Your heart will heal and moose will always have a place there.
Your hair flows like a stream going over a rocky ledge and I hope you never change it.
You are one haircut away from being super handsome, seriously.
First of all, you look amazing, and your hair is gorgeous.
You have really gorgeous eyes, dude.
Keep your head up!
You have very kind eyes, and I'd assume a kind personality as well.
Your hair color is gorgeous!!
This pic shows so much love and happiness, a perfect tribute to your sweet pup.
You seem like an incredibly warm person, not just because of the fiery hair!
I love your face, you have a natural contour and a neat jaw.
Also your hair is beautiful.
Your hair is absolutely amazing holy crap
Keep your head up.
Your curls are beautiful!
I really like your hair.
The pain you feel will subside and soon you'll smile more than cry when you think about him.
Hopefully you'll share that kind smile you have with another dog, and give that dog the best life he or she could possibly have as well.
Keep your head up and have confidence, because confidence is key.
I'm so jealous of your lips and brows!!
Everything about you is so crazy pretty and you've got a cute nose!
You have such a kind face, I know you can make friends fast.
Your eyes make me feel like you are a genuine and kind person.
I also really dig your hair, as it just looks so light and soft.
You have a beautiful heart and soul and I see you.
Wishing you all the best on your journey and much peace and happiness and comfort in your days ahead.
And not to mention people probably don't even pay attention to how your teeth look.
Your hair is pretty, your teeth are beautifully wrapped in a smile, and not to mention I really like that dress you have on!
Now go out there and show the world your gorgeous smile!
I understand what it's like to be insecure about things like that, but trust me when I say that your smile is great in both pictures!
It can be easy to focus on things we see as imperfections in ourselves, we have to see them every day, but as someone seeing you for the first time, all I see is a beautiful smile on a beautiful person, even with the snapchat filter :P You look so happy both before and after, you should share that smile with as many people as you can, you'll make their day!
Your smile gives off a very welcoming friendly vibe as well :) Also I disagree with the comment regarding the haircut, I think your hair is rad ;P
You have a whole life of time to figure it out.
Your place I'll hold, you will be missed, the fur I stroked, the nose I kissed.
Believe me when I say your smile is beautiful in both pictures.
Do you want to be someone who spreads happiness and kindness to others?
Your hair is so pretty and I really like your Hogwarts Crest and nose ring :)
You have a very earnest smile my guy.
Your hair is awesome too btw.
Shove your face to around 2500 to 3000 extra calories.
You being a woman or a man doesn't matter when it comes to what you can do because despite what you face, you're every bit as capable and strong as everyone else.
The world is opening its eyes to that and you have a great opportunity to shine in that.
Takes courage to follow your heart, but it's always worth it!
You get a good haircut and a better physique and you'll feel incredible.
You have a cute mug and hair and a really friendly / inviting face.
As long as your personality can match that you'll have no problems!
your eyes are just incredible!
You look like a really cool dude and I love your smile
Find people who are confident, uplifting and encouraging those are the kind of friends you want.
I know it can be scary to bare your soul to someone, especially if you have never done it before, but if the relationship survives the conversation, it will be stronger and better than ever before.
You're looking great and certainly have the womanly appearance to match your mind.
I kind of want to hate you a little because your makeup is so on point and I can't eyeliner to save my life.
There's no better feeling than waking up and knowing the world is at your feet.
But since, it seems like you're doing a lot better and feeling more comfortable in your skin, and it brings me joy to see that gorgeous smile.
Keep your chin up my dude, find yourself and no one can take it away.
your eyes are stunning, like anime character cute.
I don't think you need makeup.
A definite side effect of depression is feeling like you don't want to bother with your appearance so much.
The good news is that you are absolutely stunning and you will look great without makeup and effort!
Your bone structure and cheekbones are to die for.
You are truly blessed with a face that doesnt even need makeup.
Your eyes are just beautiful, and very expressive.
You should definitely try to smile more!
With your cute personality and lovely look about you?
You have a really cool smile and 'fun' eyes (don't know how to describe it, but you have a fun vibe about you).
This is amazing, great job :) What kind of wood did you use?
All of that is to say when you stop searching for what you want (be it a relationship, happiness, etc.)
The way you style your hair suits you and also your glasses look really great on you; love the frames!
Your hair is awesome man, wish mine had its own style like that rather than a generic lego hair cut :)
You have such a kind face.
I don't know how else to put it but your smile makes me smile and you seem like a trustworthy, nice person.
Chin up, even though there might not be too much to smile about right now the fact that you still are proves that you've got the right attitude :)
You have beautiful kind eyes and a symmetrical face people would pay money to have.
Just like kattguld said, your face is really symmetrical and you're undoubtedly handsome!
You have really deep and caring eyes and you look at peace.
You look like such a cheery person I feel like you brighten everyone's day just be giving em a smile :) You look like a great dude, and I hope the joint pain lets up!
You said three cheers for gender expression, so, there ya go!
Keep your head up.
You have to open your wonderful eyes to see it.
* also you got some good game with the facial hair.
the unconnected goatee is a good look on your particular face.
You have a wonderful smile!
I love your outfit and smile ☺️ you're so cute!
Your continued efforts in this subreddit inspire me hourly (or actually...more accurately by the minute) and make me wish happiness for every single one of you.
Like kattguld and rascal said, you have really kind eyes.
your fur has such a lovely luster to it, and your nose looks cool and damp, seems like you're taking good care of yourself!
to be serious though, love your glasses, totally the right shape for your cute face!
Homie, you look like Aladdin with facial hair.
However, I had to say this: there is nothing ugly about your face.
You have beautiful, kind eyes.
You look like the kind of man I would feel comfortable with, if my daughters brought you home to meet me.
Your eyes alone are melty as hell.
May I suggest, if possible, you grow your hair out a bit, but other than that, you are a stunner!
Wasn't sure what to expect after reading your intro but I have to tell you, you have an incredibly expressive and kind face.
I smiled immediately and my first thought was how really nice you look.
You have neither an ugly outward appearance nor an ugly soul.
You have lovely hair!
You have really kind eyes
I can see how you take the time to creatively express yourself in your gorgeous clothes and hair.
From what I can see you have very nice legs!
I never would have known you struggled with weight from this photo.
You got them dreamy eyes.
Also, I love your smile.
Also, you have the most adorable nose!
You have such a pretty smile and I absolutely love your hair.
Your beard is absolute quality and I like your hair.
You look cute as hell and I absolutely love you hair - if you're asking for this because you're having a low day, try to remember that we all have them and they always pass.
Once you sit down and make a list of all your possible adventures taking finances etc into account you might feel better about where you're headed next.
You're absolutely stunning and I'm SUPER jealous of your hair!!
Girl your eye makeup is on point!
Your eyes look quite interesting in the black and white, are they blue?
Body dysmorphia is when your own mirror lies to you, but as an internet stranger with no reason to trick you or lie to you: you're a very good-looking person, I promise.
You have no need for photoshop or any kind of filters.
Body dysmorphia is horrible as your brain is telling you to see things other people can't.
You have really nice eyes
I love the birthmarks on your face and your nose.
You have a great face.
Your eyes are gorgeous, your lips are full, your skin is clear, and your nose is charming.
Your eyes have that piercing quality, yet there is a touch of heart there.
Keep your head up.
You look like there's a lot going on behind your eyes.
I bet you have a great smile!
You're actually pretty handsome and I love your jacket.
But you don't know who you really are when you have everything, when you lose it is when you see the strength and beauty of your soul.
I can see a fire still burning in your eyes.
Anyways, you're cool, those people are shit, and I like your hair and courage to say you have problems in life and I wish you the best with life's trials.
You have the most warm and welcoming smile!
Also your beard is on point!
And your smile is genuine and infectious.
Your jawline is flawless and your face looks chiseled.
You have lovely eyes and a killer smile!
May the winds be at your back.
Keep that feeling in your heart my friend.
If the other eye even comes close to matching that exposed one, there's no need to hide behind your hair, ha.
I see that one eye open from your black hair you goofball.
I hope your day is filled with wonderful things and that you spread that kind smile everywhere you go.
You have a really cute smile, and I like the way you styled your hair!!
You have a great genuine smile.
You can also pull off a v-neck much better than I can!
It feels like you can just be yourself without tattoos, branded clothing, dying your hair, etc.
You have such a flawless face, I don't even know what to point out.
What first came to my mind was that I like your freckles and your nose.
The freckles and the smile give your face such a soft, caring look and your nose and your eyes look so masculine.
You have great hair and a cute face, and your photography is awesome!
You look mysterious and confident (oh, and your hair is thick and well-styled).
You have beautiful, thick hair and clean skin.
Also, you look like a kind, loving person.
my DUDE, your hair is gorgeous oml.
and your eyes are really beautiful, are they blue or gray?
Your teeth are perfect!
Keep your head up!
Your hair defies gravity, my dude!
You were also brave enough to get a kick-ass nose piercing, which I think looks hella dope.
NOT TO MENTION: your piercing blue eyes which see straight into my souuuuul.
Your fucking dimples are killing me.
dude your smile is contagious!
Thank you for letting us see even a small portion of your soul.
Your smile made me smile.
Your beard is full and kick ass.
You have such an adorable smile!
You're beautiful-- your skin is flawless and your hair is amazingly full of body.
I love your hair and the colour is so rich!
And you have nothing to be insecure about in regards to your face, you're quite pretty and your lips are enviable :)
Shoulder surgery takes awhile to heal but you'll get back into it-- you seem motivated.
In the meantime remember you are your own worst critic and your lot of weight gain still does not appear above average- be kind to yourself, you deserve it :)
Your eyes are amazing!
Remember the feel of sun and wind on your skin.
Let your thoughts carry you, even when they're born down by the weight of darkness and shadow.
Rock that job like you rock that hair!
Keep your head up!
And your beard is awesome.
You even noted you didn't like your face.
Your hair, skin and eyes in particular give you an ethereal beauty - this picture could be used as the illustration for the faerie princess in any fantasy novel.
And that is amazing that you lost so much weight, I think that in itself is a good indication of the kind of strength your new team will value in you.
Your eyes are pretty.
I love your eyes.
Your hair makes you unique, they'll love that!
wow really love your beard
And the new job: did you hold a gun to their head to give it to you?
Your weight loss and starting a new job is fantastic as hell.
Your eyes in particular, but your whole look has such a depth to it.
I hope you have a lot of mirrors because your smile would be enough to get anyone through a crummy week!
The night is darkest before the dawn, the winds at your back may hinder you, the sun will shine on.
Your hair is straight 🔥.
You seem like you have a kind soul and I sincerely hope you will have a nice evening.
You have an amazing angelic face!
And your gorgeous hair has been mentioned many times.
I have similar feelings as you do about my appearance (also a girl btw).
you have very lovely lashes and natural eyebrows I would kill for!
all you need is a smile :)
You've also got stunning eyes, I'm super jealous of your lips and being able to rock short hair.
I'm sorry to hear things didn't work out for you, but you've got a very welcoming look to you and a kind, genuine smile.
Whatever insecurities you might have, they'll be pluses in someone else's eyes!
I bet you can carry on great conversations about music (&amp; plenty of other things..) Your glasses are super cute on your face, too, btw!
I know it's hard at your age to see this but you will look back at this pic in a few years and smile at it.
Your hair is beautiful!!
And also, love your eyes!
You enjoy what you enjoy because gender is all a construct and this is 2017.
Also, you have kind eyes.
I feel like often the most sincere people suffer from these thoughts and what that says about you is you are thoughtful We can see that in your eyes.
Keep your head up and keep being yourself.
Take some time for yourself, focus on trying to find your own happiness.
Aw girl, your brows are so good and you have a cute smile.
Your eyes look absolutely lovely!
such beautiful eyes and i love your hair!
:) what does the one on your arm say?
you have such a nice smile and i wish i could get my curly hair to be like yours, lol.
I feel that you should listen to your heart.
Decide with your heart.
Your intellectual and if you're using your heart to follow your passion?
You better keep that amazing head of yours up high and get back in the race.
Your eyes have a fire in them.
Dear God you eyes are gorgeous.
Apart from your eyes, I really think you're are really pretty.
So you're beautiful, your smile is radiant.
In some cases, like gender stuff, you may not need to make a decision at all - you can choose not to choose!
You are adorable and I see hope, resilience, curiosity and love in your eyes!
Ik mostnof the comments are about your eyes, but oh lord your EYES.
they really are gorgeous, and I think that hair color suits you really well!
You have a genuinely kind face.
Your life (especially in regards to something like gender expression) is about YOU, make it the best you can for yourself and your ideals!
Your hair is amazing, your eyes are captivating and although I rarely comment on such things, your chest is incredible.
Really hope that smile stays on and this new job acts as a springboard for you :)
Keep your chin up and don't let it stop you.
You experience 2 seriously debilitating woes within this year and you still have the mental fortitude to put out such a god-sent smile and get a new job.
My heart goes out to you I myself just dealt with a miscarriage remember in this stressful time to take care of yourself because your body is repairing itself.
Your face and weight?
Take it from another fellow redhead - your hair is amazing.
Don't listen to anyone's comments about your weight.
It's up for you to decide whether you're happy with your body image or not - not anybody else.
Even if it's something as simple as buying makeup to improve your confidence.
If it works, that's a good thing :) but I can assure you - you are so beautiful with or without makeup.
you have such a cute smile!
You have such a great smile
The confidence shows in your eyes.
And your eyes seem like they'd be some of the most gorgeous ones ever if we were able to see them a bit better.
Never doubt your abilities to make someone laugh or smile.
It's hard to imagine your face ever loooking bad (with or without makeup), particularly with those eyes and lips.
Your eyes are so gorgeous!
A lot of people will say you don't need makeup, and you don't, but it makes you feel happy and confident then wear it!
From seeing your past posts, you are so cute and remind me of my boyfriend, who is also gender fluid!
You are valued" If your cards are personalized, then explaining how the recipient is valued would be a sincere gift from the heart.
Keep your head up and keep being yourself!
Just be genuine and don't expect every woman to fall at your feet.
Compliments that I've recieved that have really meant something to me are stuff like, you're funny, you don't give up, you're good at solving problems, you care a lot about others, "you have a strong moral compass", you have good ideas, you're patient, you're wise, you're dedicated, you're fearless, you have a warm personality, I like spending time with you, you have a cool style (lots of PPs mentioned this one) I feel like would honestly feel a bit hurt if a stranger commented on my appearance.
Like a tattoo, specific clothes, if you smell good, nice makeup, good hair...
Just make sure that You isn't a dick.
If you can smile in those situations you know you're able to harness your emotions like some kind of bender from the avatar series.
Keep your chin up, you are worth so much more than what you think.
You have such deep and expressive eyes it's amazing.
Your hair may be getting longer but by no means it's messy.
You have beautiful eyes!
I see you slightly shaking your head on your mobile/computer screen...no no.
Hold your head up and take your hand out of your pocket.
You have kindness and strength in your eyes.
The night is always darkest before dawn so keep your head up!
You are a gentle soul and deserving of a partner who will love you and treat you well.
Message me if you want a quiet ear or another perspective.
I hope with all my heart that you are not in an abusive relationship.
I saw those gorgeous eyes of yours and I don't know if anyone has told you this before, but you should put sunglasses on because your soul is showing.
You appear to have an old soul, this doesn't seem like your first time here.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but you are also wise beyond your years, it comes with the soul.
But again, your eyes.
TL;DR Feet on the ground, head where your feet are, always, remember to breathe, be good to yourself, remember you are worth this.
Stay beautiful and keep showing us your soul.
[If you like doggos, here is a cute one with cute hair.
Nah brother, you are a handsome young man whose hair suits him well.
I see your hair and I think "hey, here's a kid with his shit together.
His hair is very tightly faded on the side which tell me you that you care about yourself and take care of yourself.
This part of you hair tells me you have a "gives no fucks" side in a good way.
I just have to get the normal "white guy haircut" you know the one all of us have, the slightly over grown fade lol, yeah I have that one.
The hair fits you man, rock it!
Be easy my dude, you're handsome AF with great hair, anyone disagrees you send them over this way and I'll straighten em out.
If you find your shoulders tight, relax 'em, and stretch your neck a bit.
Keep your head up and know that I want you to be well.
In your mind, waiving and smiling back at you?
Let the lyrics of any song you choose get stuck in your head so it'll over volume the negativity!
---- Here is a first aid video for treating cuts (non-graphic) I know it's hard to think of in the moment, but using clean tools and keeping your phone on and within arms reach can reduce risk.
- Your lips are AMAZING.
- I don't ever say this but love your piercing.
- Your eyes are so lovely, you look like a Disney Princess but a badass one.
Your eyeliner is far better than my 32-year old hands have ever managed!
You are amazingly brave, very pretty, and a kind soul.
I hope you get better soon and omg do you have freckles?!
You're the kind of cute that stays with you as you get older!
Cute as hell, and I love your hair, it's gorgeous.
Your life is in YOUR hands.
Your eyes are mesmerizing!!!
I'll stick with Beaux I love your smile so much.
You have a cute lil dimple.
And a nice hair cut that you pull off really well.
It's hard to say from this pic but it looks like you have perfect, clear skin.
Your eyes are beautiful, gorgeous hair, and wow, freckles are cute!
Your short hair really suits you and I'm glad to see you back posting here!
You and your face look great!
Your eyes are stunning!
You definitely don't need to hide your face, you have an amazing jaw line and great skin.
Anyone who can rock a shaved head like you should be super proud.
PS You definitely do not have a chubby face!
I agree with the others, the short hair fits you very well.
Your face is cute as shit but I can understand how easy it is to feel self conscious.
You have a great complexion and I like your eyebrows and big eyes!
Hey I missed the earlier post, so can't comment on the bangs, but you've gotten the confidence to post a *second* picture, without your hair hiding your face, and I think that's pretty impressive.
Is that sheet music on your right arm?
That in and of itself is a step - it's a bold move~ You could have decided to let it snap at you, and pull you further under - but you asked for the kindness people could offer, and that in and of itself is an action worth being proud of yourself for.
You will get through this - focus on that, grit your teeth and let shy docs do their work.
You've come on here looking for some inspiration, but really you're inspiring us with your strength in the face of this.
In fact you have an extremely impressive jawline.
You have clear, bright skin and eyes.
Your hair is a really unique colour.
Your eyes are damn gorgeous!
Your jaw line is impressive and your hair looks super soft!
You look like a kind soul who is passionate about so many things!
Keep showing your kindness to others, and you will see it reflected back to you tenfold!
You got one of the best jawlines I ever seen.
You have good taste in shirts (; your room also looks cool as fuck and I love your eyes
You have very nice eyes.
You will face struggles ahead, but the fact are already where you are means that you will beat them.
I honestly think you look pretty cool, you're hair is great, chin up lad.
Your eyes are fucking amazing
You have a really pretty eye color!
I don't know how to explain it, but just from looking at your face you seem like you're kind and genuine; hope that makes sense :)
(also you have smooth skin, which is lucky!
keep washing your face!)
and smile as much as you can, because smiles make everyone more beautiful!
:) You have gorgeous eyes, and a lovely face shape.
You have great eyes and I envy your organizational skills :)
You have an amazing smile!
My boyfriend said that he would marry your eyes.
You're a good looking lad, and although I can't see you as a whole, your colour and face makes it look as if you have nothing physically wrong with you at all.
You have a great smile, kind eyes, and for what it's worth I think you're pretty cute.
You remind me of Nathan Fillon in Firefly, especially with that hint of a smile you're rocking.
You have honest and kind eyes, and I bet you are pretty smart as well.
You have eyes that are absolutely gorgeous, thick hair that I wish to mess up, and broad shoulders that look like they could carry the weight of the world.
There are many words I'd use to describe you but you are nowhere near ugly, my friend :) you have absolutely amazing eyes!
keep your chin up, life gets tough but ya just gotta keep pushing through!
You face is very joyful and hold so much emotion in one picture.
Keep your head up.
One of my best friends in the world came out as transgender about a year ago, I was afraid that wearing dresses and standing out more in public would hurt her confidence but I've learned something from her, showing your true self will only build you up and make you stronger and happier.
Just wanted to say your eyes are absolutely amazing!
Your hair is so gorgeous!
And you should be proud of those makeup skills!
You have gorgeous hair and give off a really positive vibe, you seem like you'd be fun to be around.
Your eyelashes are spectacular too.
I think your hair is pretty rad too.
They always make me smile and I know in my heart this lovely one makes you smile all day, erry day!
Please give your dog a good scratch behind the ears for me!
You have lovely eyebrows.
Love the freckles and the grey-ish eyes, you look like you're a really nice and loveable person :)
There is such an air of kindness and beauty around you, especially your eyes.
You're going to turn a lot of heads wherever you go, you're stunning!
Is your hair purple?
You do not have a "chubby face".
Your face is beautiful, and you just ooze chillness.
I think your hair is amazing!
The shape of your face is great, your eyes are large and well shaped.
Others have commented on your nose and eyebrows and I agree.
So many people would give an arm to have your hair!
You've helped a good cause and you have a huge heart for doing so.
I can see your dad takes very good care of you, he also looks like a vey kind and loving guy; I can see it in his eyes.
You look just as awesome without long hair as you did with it 😊 embrace your new look, it suits you!
Because you : - Look elegant and studious - have lovely looking lips - Your hair really suits you
You have amazingly thick and luxurious hair.
I can tell you're a very good dog and your master loves you very much and I like his hair a lot.
You nailed the wing which is sooo hard.
You have beautiful skin and a really pretty face.
Keep your head up and keep up the good work on taking care of your body and soul.
I have very hooded eyelids so I could only dream of wearing eyeliner as good as yours 😭 and I have acne scars so I'm super jealous, your skin is SO flawless 😍
But I think your makeup skills are great!
The eyeliner is really well done, and I'm don't have any further tips because I think you look good as it is.
Just keep going on the weight loss as you currently are, and I'm sure you'll be beyond proud of yourself soon
Your makeup is spot on (puns ftw), and you seem to me like you're excellent!
Your makeup is on point!
You are as cute as a bug's ear!
Honey, you have a pretty face.
You and I have chubby cheeks, and it's cute!
I used to have a makeup Youtube channel and let me tell you that you did a pretty good job with the cat liner!!
Never let anyone live rent free in your head.
You are beautiful, Love the hair, rocking that wing too.
Not to mention your complexion is flawless!
You have a wonderful smile.
Really can't understand why anybody would make you feel ugly after they've, you know, looked at your face.
The boyfriend sounds like a dick, and it says more about him if he treats you that way than it does about you.
You have great hair and a great beard.
You have a great smile, just seeing your picture made me smile :)
I've been struggling for years with my skin, when i see women like you it drives me nuts!
Your skin glows, you're working towards the best version of yourself.
First of all, your hair is baller.
Sometimes the smallest act of kindness goes a long way and I hope you'll find it in your heart to believe it.
As for the makeup tips angle, you have awesome cheeks/cheekbones.
A bit of blush on the apples of your cheeks will brighten your face even more :)
Your skin is flawless, which has me super jealous.
Also, your lips are fantastic and I would kill to rock red lipstick like you do.
I love your hair!
And your face looks kind.
You have a really kind face and seem a super nice person to me.
I wish i had as strong of a chin as you do, makes you look quite strong and manly.
You look like a cross between a young Rey Mysterio and just some cool ass dude at that party we never could go to.
The thing is, you have got to remember that you have heart.
Keep your head on your shoulders man.
With eyes like that you'll be woo-ing every guy you pass on the street.
On top of that though, you look genuine and nice, something about your eyes and smile.
You have a great face.
You are young, handsome, and have a great head of hair - don't let *shit* drag you down!
Head to your library to get online and google some of the resources in your city.
You have so much life in front of you that will be filled with moments of joy and happiness.
If you can manage to lose weight, you can do anything you set your mind to!
You look like a chill, level headed, nice guy.
From the impression I get from this pic, I'd say you could be like my uncle- patient, intelligent, metered, and kind.
As someone who's been in your shoes, I'm rooting for you man!
Dude your goatee is on point, it's seriously making me question some things I probably shouldn't let my girlfriend find out about haha.
Dude, you look confident, and handsome as hell... awesome eyes and facial structure.
That's incredible, people spend years complaining about wanting to try and lose weight and you set your mind to it and did just that.
I have to say, your facial hair and hairstyle are absolutely top-notch.
Your eyebrows even impressively match your beard, which I think looks fantastic, aesthetically.
But you seem like an incredibly disciplined guy, from your studies to your body, and it shows.
You seem like the kind of person that's going to be successful at whatever they choose to put their mind to.
That is so awesome of your part to shave your head for a good cause.
You'll always have in the back of your mind, "yeah, you look great now, but remember 25kg ago?"
Don't carry the baggage of who you used to be, or who you used to think you were, into your new circumstance, and definitely never try to hand off that baggage to the absolute strangers who are now in line at the terminal for the next flight to the future along with you.
*You*, on the other hand, probably need to let go of some prejudices you have against yourself.
As someone who played the violin for 7 years once you get one good song out of it the effort seems worth it On a side note, have you attempted to string your bow with some of your beard?
It's definitely a combination of your face and the violin, but you're really attractive.
I bet you're the kind of person who people always wish was around, not because life is bad without you but because everything seems better when you're there.
You have awesome eyes too!
There's a common rhetoric that makeup hides faults, but for you it's not that way.
You have big, gentle eyes, and you look very inviting and pleasurable to talk to.
Believe me when I say you are absolutely beautiful, with the sweetest smile and stunning eyes.
I really hope that this causes a smile, and that someone is around to enjoy that smile even if it's just someone you pass on the street.
Are you sure it's not the mug you were smiling at?
You're absolutely gorgeous and I hope you find something to smile about soon, a great big cute as hell grin - and hopefully you'll come back and show it to us...
I'm very familiar with that feeling of emptiness, but you have one real advantage to me - you know when you were happier, and that gives you real help because it lets you know that this emptiness isn't permanent, that happiness is just around the corner.
You look awesome mate, simultaneously cute and a smooth ass mofo.
Dating is fun - remember that as a rule and it won't get inside your head too much which is the best way to do it
You have a full and a beautiful face!
(Whatever you're up to) I know you don't know anyone on here personally but you deserve to know we know you have a lot of potential to kick ass!
Wow, your smile is amazing, really.
You have such a sweet and genuine face.
Sounds like you have a great head on your shoulders and you seem pretty interesting.
You have eyes to rival a Hemsworth!
It's not about numbers, it's all about the ones you have being the right kind of friends.
Your hair is divine and your smile is contagious.
You're so far from fat pal - you look the perfect weight, but I can understand that it's more about how you feel rather than what you actually are.
You're rocking that Henley T. You've got a handsome face and your hair is phenomenal, I'm digging it man.
Wow your hair is gorgeous.
I would also like to say that your smile makes me feel happy.
As a fellow performer, AND someone trying to lose weight, you are on the up and up my friend.
They would not have cast you if you didn't have the talent to back it up.
Plus you have amazing hair and look like a really nice person.
With a smile like that it's no wonder you got a job offer!!
But, with a smile as captivating yours, I can only assume you make your own luck.
at your interview- as long as you have some relevant experience/work history, the whole point of the interview is to prove your personality and work ethic will be a good fit for the company.
Enjoy yourself and relax because if for some crazy reason your personality doesn't mesh well with the interviewer, you probably would have hated working there anyway.
You look extremely happy and have an absolutely lovely smile!
You look like the kind of person who can make other people happy just by being around.
You don't understand how your kind words have affected me today.
Your beard is badass.
Now to make you smile: you are a smart and hard-working guy.
Seriously you seem like you have such a warm personality and could light up a room.
I especially love the nose; I really admire your shading.
On the bright side, you have a truly prodigious beard!
You've got a full head of hair, nice skin, and I like your nose.
Great goatee, good hairstyle, nothing wrong with your fashion sense, jubilant smile with good looking teeth, AND an adorable doggo?
You really made me smile when....
And one of a really cute dog, saying you deserve a dog's love (cause doggos are awesome too) Sample sized hai masks, nail polish, body wash are good if you know what she likes because it's nice to smell good and she probably wouldn't get them for herself.
You are not just another face.
You have really pretty hair.
You have a smile that can light up a town.
I don't know if you've had lessons or anything like that, but you've got really good technique and sing with incredible passion, there's not going to be a single person who listens to you and thinks for a second that you aren't putting your heart and soul into what you're doing!
They suit the shape of your face and they enhance your eyes instead of covering them up.
You have really nice skin and your eyebrows are very classy.
You have an air of intellect about you that your face compliments nicely.
edit: Just sorta creeped your history and you are beautiful, those eye tho!
The bravery and fierce determination inherent in your soul is showing through on this one.
You are beautiful and your glasses really make your eyes pop with color.
My mom put a magnet on the fridge that said "a face without freckles is like a sky without stars" that's how I look at your glasses.
Your hairs on point
This is a perfect time in your life to figure out what makes you happy when you are all by yourself.
Maybe find something that can give you the same kind of happiness?
Also your hair is cool, and your openness &amp; honesty about your feelings will lead you to many open doors.
And your eyes are so beautiful and expressive!!!
Your brows are what dreams are made of!
Ps is that a pen I spot in your hand?
Your eyes are wow and your eyebrows are woosh and your hair is siiiiigh.
Also, you got some intense fucking eyes.
Also, kind of an odd thing to say, but your eyebrows are very pretty!
They really accentuate the features of your face, which is also pretty legit.
Your hair is excellent.
Let that person's light shine out from your own heart to the world.
I think eyes are windows to the soul, next time you stand in front of the mirror, look at your eyes and you'll realize why I think your eyes are beautiful :) You are breathtakingly beautiful by the way.
I like your smile, it's very genuine.
You have very good looking skin as well and from what I can see you look to have a good physique as well!
You seem like a cool guy that could make people in a room smile just by your smile.
I'm vegan as well so if you ever want to talk about anything along that vein I'm all ears!
I love your hair so much!
You pull off light pink hair really well, which I don't think too many people can do.
You look like you are going to have a good day with a smile like that.
You look like a genuine kind man!
Really great smile, it goes into your eyes as well.
I love seeing a smile that is across someone's whole face, I smiled when I saw your pic here.
Keep your head up.
You have a beard and an umbrella, idk what else people want these days.
I'm thinking that a picture of you so that you can see the face is going to get much higher ratings.
A pic of you smiling for the camera would certainly seal the deal :) Good luck
Although I do like the shirt, I find very hard to believe you ever look like garbage, you look to me like one of those persons that just look great in pictures no matter what, your beard is great looking and your eyes are kind, give yourself more credit!
The one simple action of kindness will indeed cause a reaction both positive and excellent to keep you going.
I love your glasses and your smile!
I am so freaking jealous of your hair!
And your eyes too!
Your hair is so gorgeous!
As you know from experience, you could take a picture of the most classically beautiful person and think they're perfect, then meet them in real life and they have horrible body language or a terrible attitude or squeaky voice or are just miserable human beings all together...you are so much more than a picture!
I also promise to be totally jealous of your hair, it's amazing!
I love your hair, Gingers are sexy!
As a girl, I'm super jealous of your red hair.
Looks like you have the badass arm muscles for it too :)
Your smile really brightens up your face, it looks great!
I think your hair, glasses, and outfit are all excellent!
I'm so sorry you feel like that :( You have phenomenal facial features, great skin, and I like your glasses and hair quite a bit!
You have an adorable smile, great style and awesome tattoos.
I haven't met you, or anything, but the moment I saw you, the modest pose, that shy smile and awesome build, you made a really really good impression on me.
Well, I mean, you were cute without the smile, but genuine smiles always ratchet up the attractiveness factor, so considering that, I might have to go with hot :)
Your piercings are badass.
You have hope in your eyes, I feel like there is a real kindness there.
You look like Chris Pratt, that's a pretty good compliment in itself, you should smile more :)
you look very cute, and I like that you're smiling, the tattoos become cool/inviting instead of "threatening tough" when coupled with such a lovely face!
You have a beautiful face.
You look like a kind person.
Just remember: You are a great person, you deserve happiness, and things WILL get better!
well, I'm sorry you've had no luck, but I hope you'll find comfort in knowing you helped a lot of people's eye feel less hungry with your eye candy pic (I'm sorry it's hard to play on words with the english idiom, the Italian version was much simpler) :) you truly look gorgeous, if you put yourself out there I'm sure so many people will be attracted to you, that in that ocean of people you have a good chance of finding someone you can really connect with.
Your smile made my heart melt, plus you have bad ass tattoos and look like a great cuddler.
Let your eyes adjust.
Oh wow, you are really attractive, nice eyebrows and really nice wavy hair that pulls the haircut together, if me, a straight average guy, can appreciate your looks, I bet any girl would too
Perhaps you need to see the positives in knowing that even the smallest gesture of kindness can help somebody out in a huge way.
I say, keep your head up, go out there and meet some new friends and find other girls that have stuff in common!
Keep your head up, be strong.
As far as i can tell you're really good looking so don't give up yet dive in and follow the emotions(another way of saying follow your heart).
Good luck and keep your chin up👍👍👍
Take your medicine, be kind to your body, eat well, try get some sleep.
Msg me if you need a ear.
If there is something you can do about whatever is bothering you, having a clear head is the best way to go about with it.
Your hair is awesome!
I like your messy hair as well it makes you look really relaxed and fun loving!
You just have one of those smiles that lights up the room.
You have a wonderful smile and kind eyes!
In no way are you inadequate, you bring nothing but beauty to this world, not only in looks but in kindness.
You clearly have a gigantic heart, and try to take in everything around you.
I know right now might be tough, and you might be going through a tough time, but please know in your soul that you are truly a gorgeous person, and from one anon to another, your spirit is magnificent.
Happiness is not something you get its something you make.
No one is worth your happiness!
And your glasses match your face so perfectly!
Besides, you must be a very smart guy to be studying the kinds of physics that you are.
Because, speaking as a female, you look like the kind of guy girls dream of dating.
You are such a darling, one could tell it from your eyes alone.
I wanna laugh at a joke you just told, cup your head in my hands, scratch that sexy beard, and give you a smooch.
Even when there's nothing left to give, when you're just empty inside and the wind is blowing through you and the dust and grit of your grief sting your eyes and tear at the inside of your heart... just keep on pushing.
We're here to lend a hand when you need.
You have a great smile and amazing hair!
Your hair is amazing and you're adorable :) Hope things get better for you!
Your smile makes me happy
Your hair is perfect, too.
Keep your chin up!!
You look suitably serious for someone in a position of responsibility, keep in mind that you are now in a role that means that you are accountable.... it is easy to say to someone to smile more, no-one likes to ask why someone isn't smiling as much... probably because they don't want to hear the answer :) You look smart, intelligent and focused, keep your chin up, you are going to do a great job.
I like your hair bro
I love this photo so much, you look so genuinely happy 😊 it's hard not to smile with you!
Smiling is meant for time you really feel it.
Get your head in the moment of gazing into the horizon.
Try to do things that bring you happiness.
Really like your hair style!
Plus you have a strong, confident presence :) What kind of music are you associated with?
The one thing I know is that the heart has no limits, it can be bent, battered, bruised and broken and it reforms... it heals and comes back stronger, it moulds with your mind to become wiser, and it loves again, even when you feel that there is nothing left for you.
Keep your head up, focus on what makes you happy in life
Pretty envious of your hair!
You have most of your hair.
Let love fill your heart so much that it radiates out of you and people are just drawn to you.
You're young, have great hair &amp; you look easy to talk to.
Thank you guys for the kind words.
You have the kind of chin people plunk down big money to get from a plastic surgeon.
You're adorable and you should keep your chin up..!
Keep your chin up and keep smiling, keep "treading water", and you will have a great year!
I have blue eyes as well &amp; yours are stunning and your hair looks like it should be in a shampoo commerical it's so pretty!
You have soulful eyes.
Keep your head high!
You've got a whole world of people who have space for you in their heart even if doesn't always seem that way.
Nice ride and you have a kind smile.
I love your hair cut and colour so much!!
Your makeup is flawless and really makes your eyes pop 😻I hope everything's ok after the ER, keep your head up ♥️
I have nothing to say about the girl of your dreams, nor your coach but you are very handsome and you have very kind eyes.
I don't comment on these very often but I had to stop and tell you that your makeup is beautiful and your freckles are to die for.
You seem like such a kind person.
Keep your chin up :)
Your hair is wonderful and your eyes are very very pretty
Your green eyes go so well with your hair!
You absolutely brought a smile to my face this morning with your own stellar eyes and killer smile.
You'll find a girl that you like who likes you back, so keep your head held high!
You are so beautiful and your makeup is fierce!
I wish I had your skills, and the confidence to rock a bold lip like you do!
People will smile and tell you it is okay, but they don't understand the stress and pressure.
I'm guilty of scrolling by sometimes instead of checking out posts properly but I had to stop and say you put a huge stupid smile on my face.
As someone who *actually* has what could be considered an invisible physical handicap [fragile bones and joints] just know that you shouldn't listen to ANYTHING that people say negatively, especially irrelevant, clearly false comments, and bullshit actions.
Keep your chin up.
Your eyes are my new favorite color.
You look great, keep your head up and focus on school.
Your words ring true and I sincerely hope people will read this and take it to heart.
Nah, I actually really dig your makeup.
Your hair is also pretty excellent.
That includes your body, mind and soul.
I especially love your eye makeup and the repeating dots!
The dress you're wearing in the picture fits you beautifully.
Your makeup is impeccable.
And your hair frames your face perfectly (and it's super cute).
One of the hardest things to do in a relationship when you have a cycle of negative self talk going is to believe your partner over that nasty voice in your head.
Firstly, I love that dress, and your hair!
I know getting confidence with your body is tough.
You look great, because (not only do you have the awesome hair - ha!
), you dress well for your body.
In his eyes he sees only perfection and he wants you to see it too.
Your a one of the kind, irreplaceable.
And if it makes you feel better, I'm really jealous of the facial hair.
And your hair and aesthetic in genera are absolutely perfect looks on you!
Your beard is great and you look like a really sweet guy 😁 Also screw those types of people; they're never the type worth taking to heart since they're so rude to so many people
Your smile is beautiful in both pictures; your confidence really shines through in the second.
Cause being in your head and only hearing yourself tell you how worthless you are and that it doesn't matter is a terrible loop to get stuck in.
Your smile is amazing!
(: And your smile is contagious!
Your hair works with everything you've got going.
Who's the furry friend in your arms?
I love your beard and your smile.
You look goood of course...from the pic I think all can see that now you exudes confidence ..from the way you smile...it is no longer that shy , sweet but unsure smile...now look at the way you smile...
Adding to that with your new haircut and all.. you no longer look lethargic but rather a cheerful and fun loving look and vibe .... Should be damn proud of your achievements ...I'm sure you did put in lots of effort and I do hope you continue to stay in shape and look great..bless...
Your hair really suits you, and you have such a loving smile.
You have a really warm, friendly smile.
But what doesn't suck is the genuine happiness I see in your eyes and smile.
Keep your head up!
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, and my addition to that phrase is that you cannot "behold" yourself, therefore you cannot be an impartial or accurate judge.
What I see in your mirror is a face that I'm willing to bet can light up a room, a personality that likely enjoys a bit of silliness, and a sharp wit that nobody wants to be on the wrong end of.
Your boyfriend obviously sees value in you beyond your physical appearance, and that speaks to his character.
Your glasses suit you really well and your facial hair looks fantastic on you!
And don't be shy if you think there is something I need to change up Constructive criticism to help improve is the best kind of compliment because it shows you care c:
You have the ability to see the world from a different kind of perspective.
You have a beautiful smile and vulnerability and plenty other amazing attributes that make you YOU.
Also, you can grow a beard making you cooler than my genetically inferior face ^^/s ^^sorta
You look beautiful in that dress, especially when you smile!
The dress fits your curves nicely, and really goes well with your skin tone.
You and your dress look great!
Giiiirl, you are killing it in that dress.
Depending on the relationship you have with this person, it might help to have a heart to heart with her to explain your condition and what it's like to live with it.
Listen to your own heart, learn to trust it and know that everything, even things that seem to conspire against you, actually help you reclaim your sovereignty and your power to follow your heart.
The happiness you must feel helping that many people must be a staggering lovely thing in your mind everyday you log on.
Keep your head up high and be yourself.
Hey man, I don't know you but just glancing at some of your comments it's easy to see you're a good person with a kind heart.
I bet you look great when you smile.
I love your whole look - the glasses, the hair, the tie.
I think you have pretty eyes, and your lady friend has no manners.
When you're getting too much in your own head, have a look at this picture.
You have a wonderful smile and your hair is definitely on point!
Your dog has nice blue eyes...wait
You have nice eyes and cute rosy cheeks and a cute dog!
Shrug it off your shoulders and on to the next one.
Your smile is your best feature and you should definitely have every reason TO smile my friend.
Your cheeks are rosy and I'm jealous!
I think it's wonderful that your heart and kindness are so apparent.
I like your eyes and you have a nice smile.
You have fantastic hair, a chill smile, and look both approachable and attractive!
You have a lovely smile and the kind of rosy cheeks grannies love to pinch.
Wow, you have really nice skin...girls would kill for that complexion
Keep your head up!
You make me think of a young Buffy but without the 90s hair and with better make-up... which is crazy because she was a character on a TV show with a professional make-up team.
Meanwhile, you should make a shirt or jacket with that picture posted on it.
I know seems can be hard when working with stone and glass so I think if you found a thin wire braided like this one: Then glued it on with the right kind of glue (something that dries clear and adheres to stone glass and metal, plenty of options) then it would put the finishing touch on it :-) That's very sweet, and make sure you tell her the story of finding it and thinking of her, etc.
And also your hair is bomb.com.org.uk ❤️
Forget about happiness, forget about trying to improve your happiness, but rather improve yourself.
Your eyes are definitely amazing!
I really hope that you have a wonderful day and find a reason to smile.
Find the happiness in yourself when you look at this photograph.
And your eye makeup is on point.
As for school I'm also trying to get back into it and you just gotta keep your head down and figure out what you need to do to finish.
i love you bro keep your head up💕
You have lovely skin!
Your whole face looks like it was sculpted by a talented artist.
Your eyes are gorgeous!
Your smile is beautiful, and I love your hair :)
Your new glasses look nice 😊 your grin is cute and I like that your smile would make me smile, even though you're going through hard things.
I also wanna comment on your Eyelashes, they're really pretty!
I think they really emphasize how kind your eyes are!
I don't know how--maybe the way your eyes interact with your grin--but i can tell that you are a really strong and dependable person.
You're one of those girls that doesn't need makeup cause of your natural features.
Your smile is perfect and your hair is like a Disney princess!
I see you covered your mouth a few times in that album.
You look like the kind of person I would want to hang out with.
Keep your head up, you've got people rooting for you.
Just walk, with your head held high ... they haven't deserved you.
I can guarantee that if you keep that smile up, there's bound to be somebody that notices it.
I'm a freshman this year, so maybe my word doesn't count for much, but I know that you will get your feet under you again, and you will thrive.
It looks like a great choice of glasses + lenses as your face does not look distorted through the lenses in the photo :) Also, don't know if you ever heard of Rupauls Drag Race.
It looks like a great choice of glasses + lenses as your face does not look distorted through the lenses in the photo :) Also, don't know if you ever heard of Rupauls Drag Race.
But you can start to smile a little.
Asking for help of any kind isn't easy, and you're strong enough to know when you need some.
Your picture radiates kindness and humanity.
You look professional in your fatigues with the flag behind you, and super confident with your posture and smile!
You have great eyebrows, and I'm not American, but thank you for serving your country.
Your smile looks good, your beard also looks good, and your face shows how good you feel, which is great to see!
I would shake your hand if I could sir.
I envy your chest hair.
It's scary to think that you can't give all the love you have in your heart to someone else.
But keeping those thoughts circling in your head will only make things worse.
I like how your hair has different shades of color I find that pretty cool
The confident smile suits you well :)
You've shown a lot of courage sticking around and your hair looks great might I add.
You have nice eyelashes
you have very beautiful eyes.
But, she is actively limiting your potential for happiness.
The glasses seem to fit your face really well.
Holy shit, look at your hair!
First of all, your glasses frames really compliment the shape of your face.
They compliment the color of your eyes well, too!
I LOVE your glasses, and you have really nice hair!
You seem like a smart dude who will kick this semester's ass.
Your skin looks so soft and smooth.
Your smile made Me smile.
You have a lovely smile and you are beautiful!
Keep being you and never close your heart.
Your post instantly made me smile.
I understand the struggle but your body is banging, girl!
Just stay healthy and happy but I think you're super cute and would love to have your body!
Remember exercise and diet should be about loving your body, not hating it.
Those glasses fit the shape of your face and browse so well.
Great smile, pretty eyes, and you look like a good cuddler.
Try to keep your head up.
Keep your head up and be strong.
The way your hair is styled with your tattoos just looks hot so don't feel bad that it hasn't clicked yet.
Never let your heart not be heard.
Your eyes are great and your hair is super fun.
Keep your head up girl.
You will overcome this eventually and realize just how strong and bad ass you actually are.
You're clearly dedicated, don't let these set backs keep you back.
I'm a student too and had a goof today as well, though perhaps not as big as yours ;) No matter what hand life deals you, play it to the best of your ability.
Your eyes are stunning.
Keep your chin up.
I first noticed your beautiful eyes.
The piano rings in your ears.
PS - you have pretty eyes.
You have beautiful eyes!
your eyelashes are awe inspiring, and your hair looks like something from a movie.
Work your fucking ass off.
Like everyone has said on here, you're beautiful, don't let your head keep you down.
And you have beautiful eyes!
I like your hair.
Your green hair is amazing, and your lips look sexy in dark lipstick.
Your emerald eyes shine with inner strength.
Good times are ahead just keep your head high and your pretty eyes straight on the prize.
You have a very good nose, It's just in that perfect spot between the upwards nostril and the downwards nostril and it fits your face really well.
You have incredibly catching eyes, the way the green/hazel play together in them absolutely captivated me after i noticed them.
I can't tell wether that's a piercing or a birthmark from this angle but i sure as hell know it fits your face incredibly well dear friendo.
Is it just me or are your eyebrows curved really well along the shape of your face?
And last but not least, your lips have a beautiful almost hairpin-ish curl in them.
You have turned that on its head, both with the words themselves but more importantly you have managed to convey an incredibly complex situation in a very simple way.
Thankyou for sharing your heart with us.
The first thing I noticed about you is your eyes.
I think you know that too because of your eyeliner puts the focus on them.
You have a pretty, adorable feminine nose, amazing eyes, you clearly don't even have to wear loads of makeup to be gorgeous.
I love your hair, too.
I've been in your shoes marriage wise.
You have very kind eyes, I can see the pain behind them.
Btw, you have possibly my favorite color of hair!
I can see the fire in your eyes.
Keep your head up
Keep your head up high brother.
Any guy would be proud to hold your hand, you're beautiful!
battling mental illness feels daunting and drowning at first, but you are a face of strength.
You are so worthy of love, happiness, and feeling appreciated.
Your skin is so pretty and dewy.
You have killer eyes and a lovely mouth.
I find you to be aesthetically pleasing to my eyes.
If your personality matches you face, you're wonderful!
and your hair is absolutely adorable!
Anyone that expects you to just "snap out of it" and/or tell you to "find the will power" and just "be happy," should be kept at an arms length, such attitudes can be irreparably damaging to someone who already lives on eggshells.
I really hope your SO pulls his head out of his ass and starts treating you in the manner you should be treated.
If a dumbass like me can land on his feet, I guarantee you will.
Your hair and eye colors are gorgeous and you look kind, albeit a little sad.
I know you don't feel like smiling right now but I bet when you do, that will be a nice welcoming smile as well.
Allow yourself to grieve the loss because that is healthy but when you feel you're ready, remember that you deserve happiness too and go back into the dating scene from that perspective (right now it seems you're still grieving that person's absence- which is totally ok).
I'm envious of your beard.
Some women would kill for clear skin like that and to look as natural as you do.
By the way your eyebrows are fantastic.
Weight is just a number, and that number is not how beautiful you are or aren't.
You have really lovely skin!
And I really like your hair!
And that was a really great compliment, take it to heart, you deserve it!
And not wearing makeup does not change the fact that you are beautiful :)
Your smile is gorgeous.
You look wonderful and you're making steps needed to help yourself feel better about your body!
What do you even look like with makeup?
 Sorry if this sounds creepy but your skin looks great.
I hope your evening is going well and I hope that your heart rings true.
That said I think you look like a kind hearted young man that I think would be really popular out there in the world.
Your hair is so big and poofy!
without sounding like I'm drooling, your eyes and your hair are phenomenal!
You have the most gorgeous eyes.
I think your face shape suits your eyes perfectly!
And who cares if you gain weight?
Also, look at your hair!
You have beautiful eyes and your hair colour suits you perfectly.
Your eyes are captivating and I love that.
Your haircut is super trendy!
Plus, holy crap your skin!
!I love your makeup style omg And who cares about weight.The most important thing is you to be happy and healthy.Whenever you are skinny or not,people will always talk.
I love your hair and your eyes!
You'll look great regardless of your weight, so keep smiling and just make sure you're comfortable!
Gaining weight is not equal to looking bad, and you certainly do not look bad.
Your makeup is pretty awesome honestly.
The hearts also make you look silly and fun.
I bet you have a beautiful smile!
You are very talented at applying makeup.
No matter how much weight you gain or lose, you are still a beautiful person.
You have the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen!
you hair is GOALS dear!!
all that's missing is your magical fairy smile :D
:) Also, you have kind eyes.
I hope one day you can see you are beautiful with and without makeup.
Your hair is super cool!
Your hair and eyes are amazing and your jawline really makes you look so confident and handsome!
for a second i thought it was a post from 😝 your makeup looks lovely and so does your hair.
You are you and you shouldn't feel like you aren't beautiful without makeup
They say you can tell a lot about a person by looking into their eyes.
You seem to wear your weight well.
Sometimes when people gain weight they look liked they aged a couple years but honestly you look fine.
That being said, I believe that you have control of your life and if you are unhappy with your weight gain then you can absolutely change it.
But like other people have said it doesn't look like you need to lose weight or anything.
You know where you're headed and you'll get there when you're ready.
Dude, you're on the way to getting back on your feet.
You're exactly where you need to be to start a new chapter in your life that is goin be filled with happiness.
When I see your face I feel like you have an awesome story to tell :)
Keep your head up, find some volunteer work while you have some time right now.
I do hope you find happiness soon, and I hope I confused you enough to be happy it's over now lol!
You aren't old looking, your beautiful, I love you r expressive eyes and your cute face.
I don't understand what you're going through but dammit do I hope you find happiness on the other side of it!
And the shapes of your eyes and lips are gorgeous!
 Thought you were a teenager honestly, and I think you have great bone structure.
I hope that today you read these comments and they put a smile in that beautiful face.
First off, you look really nice, and in my experience as a short female, having a partner that is closer to my hight is better than a guy that's nearly a foot taller than me.
Okay, but you are cute; you have a nice smile; you are well groomed (I like your haircut) and mental illness is treatable.
And secondly, whenever you get that voice in your head saying horrible things, just simply say "you're wrong".
Either one would be fine, but I don't think you need to change anything about that face.
Go with the nostril, your face looks like it's missing exactly that🤘🏻
This life only lasts so long, you've got it in you to figure out how to enjoy it no matter the circumstances.
I love your cheekbones and your eyes are gorgeous.
You have a kindness about your heart that is very honorable.
Even if they dismiss it you know in your heart and mind what you need.
Hold her hand, and make sure you hold your moms too.
Blue eyes ... and so much love for your grandma--you seem like quite a catch!
Hey, you look great and obviously have a good heart.
Your piercing blue eyes, chiseled good looks, and thick, full lips will not go anywhere - even if it feels like stress and depression is ruining you.
Your haircut suits you so well, too.
I'd hire you for the hair alone.
Keep your head up, man, me reschedule that date it you can!
Dude your hair is awesome
Sending you a virtual pat on the back/hug!
May your adventures keep feeding your soul, your humor keep brightening the room, and your work keep making the world a better place!
I've sorta been in your shoes and it did help calm me down a bit.
After a while, you just start smiling...for no reason.
I want you to experience that level of happiness times ten!
Your eye make-up in absolutely on point.
I'm working my ass off to get back on the trail, hopefully I'll run into you guys there!
Your hair is amazing!
You deserve all the happiness in the world.
Head high girl, you are stronger than you know.
Your lips and eyes and brows are amazing!
You've got a great complexion and I love that shade of lipstick you are wearing, it compliments your skin tone!
Girl you are kicking ass!
Also your hair is perfection.
I like your messy hair and you have kind eyes.
Your skin is flawless and you have amazing eyes!
Also, you have very pretty eyes, and cool glasses!
You also have kind eyes, and it makes me think that I'd have no problem being friends with you.
Your makeup is on point and you have the eyebrows of a goddess
You have great skin with a natural glow in your cheeks
Your glasses suit your face very nicely, and your lipstick color even nicer!
You have pretty brown eyes
Awesome hair, you look like you’d be a great dude to hang out with.
Keep you head up my man!
You're super handsome and your hair looks really nice.
Your hair is absolutely gorgeous.
I think you have a really good heart, and your concern for others is a beautiful thing.
I have been in your shoes trust me it will get better.
I believe in you from the bottom of my heart B.
You look like you have really obscure, but awesome references and humor.
I hope you pull through to the lighter side of this life and wield your way to happiness and freedom from the sadness and stress.
There is always room for one more, message me anytime if you need an ear.
Keep your head up man, you got sick hair, and it is nice to find a fellow graveyard lurker.
You have a very trusting face and give off an aura of calmness through this picture.
What do your eyes say?
You have amazing hai game going on, and a confident looking face, I'm sure it will go swell
Your face made me smile!
You look like you got a good head on your shoulders so, watch out city, here he comes!
And on an unrelated note, your eyes are such a lovely colour!
You have a nice smile and I'll bet it looks even nicer when you're genuinely happy or laughing at something!
Your beard game is strong!
You have super pretty eyes.
You son of a bitch with your perfect beard.
You can do it champ, facial hair like that doesn't grace anyone but the finest men, rest assured nothing can stop you
I have no idea why amiugly would dislike you, your skin is smooth, eyes lovely and smile sweet.
Let me preface by saying that I'm a cosmetologist, so the first thing I noticed was your lovely hair...
Your face is *perfect* for them!
Speaking of, I can't believe how symmetrical your face is.
Life isn't always easy but, you have some good karma headed your way.
Try to block out the faces of other people when you post online, though.
You are a great looking person with a nice smile so it's seriously difficult for me to understand why anyone make your life difficult.
Keep your chin high and remember that all the positivity you can muster will lead to really amazing things for you.
Keep smiling and keep up the positive thoughts, and no matter how pretty you may be, keep remembering that there is so much more to you than how you look.
:) You have gorgeous eyes and look like a strong, friendly, wonderful person!
I love your hair, it's so nice.
I hope you're having a good day today and can find a reason to smile because you made me smile.
Nice glasses, nice hair, great smile and you have a very friendly face in general.
Always keep your back straight and eyes level.
They compliment your hair and skin tone so well.
I love your hair, glasses, and your eyes.
And your eyelashes look really good 👀
I also really love your freckles!
You have wonderful teeth, honey!
You should smile lots more, I bet it's a gorgeous smile!
And doesn't look like you need to pile makeup on either, you have a natural glow about you, a flame inside that continues to burn brightly no matter what tries to bring you down!
Keep your chin up!
Your eyes are absolutely beautiful and your skin and entire self is flawless ❤ I'd probs give my right arm to look as pretty as you!
You got a killer head of hair bro!
I'm kind of curious how you looked with the scruffy beard, but you definitely pull off the clean cut look!
Your skin is gooooorgeous!
Your eyes are super pretty!
your face just screams to me "i help old ladies across the street and am the first person to run over and help in emergencies".
:) And sorry for the weird/random compliment, but your head has a very nice shape!
You really lucked out on the hair genes.
You're absolutely beautiful keep your chin up :)
I can't wait to see your eyes light up and your truly lovely smiles.
And your skin looks so soft!
Your hair is fantastic and your face is absolutely adorable.
You have an awesome smile :).
Keep your head up and tell yourself you can do whatever you want.
Your hair is perfect and your glasses fit your face perfectly!
Your hair is gorgeous and I LOVE those frames!
Chin up and keep moving forward 😘 you got this boo
You remind me of Luna Lovegood and your smile and expression makes me think you're spunky.
Your smile is cool as hell.
You have eyes of an old soul.
You have kind eyes and the perfect swishy hair for idly playing with.
Great smile too, you just look generally pleasant to be around!
You have very kind eyes, you look like someone I'd want to get to know.
you have beautiful eyes and nice facial hair :)
you have an amazing smile and great hair.
Love your hair pal, it's got that real shine of health that folk like myself are really envious of.
You have a very kind face and warm energy.
Your eyes are incredibly kind and your hair looks fine as hell in this pic.
Your smile is rad dude.
Your face says otherwise.
Seriously, your smile is contagious, and shows an inner kindness.
Great dimples and love your t-shirt!
Great smile, kind eyes, and you just seem like an all-around fun person to hang out with!
You have an amazing smile!
You have kind eyes and I bet that you would be fun to play video games and eat pizza with.
you have a cool beard and stash mang!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
your face has a really endearing quality to it!
If you ever decide to row a beard, I think you could pull it off.
You see, I don't have beautiful eyes flowing over with more depth and wisdom than a thousand Dumbledores.
You have such lovely eyes, I feel like I could spend hours talking to you.
Your teeth are perfect!
You're an attractive guy, handsome face, fit, got all your hair, well-groomed, everything in the right place.
Great arms and I like your shirt.
This doesn't really matter in the grand scheme of things but for what it does, you have a really great body and attractive face.
Your smile is contagious.
Its a good pic, I can see you have good skin, a pretty smile and a good bone structure.
Your smile looks natural and you seem like a confident gal.
You have a beautiful smile, pretty eyes, and good skin.
Your smile is wonderful and you've got some adorable dimples.
Not to mention your eyes are super stormy.
From another girl with curly hair, I can easily say that you've got your styling down perfect.
You have a kind face, your eye color is nice for your overall coloration and your hair looks soft.
Your eyes mesmerise me.
Also, you are pretty and seem to have a good soul if you are upset about things that others may not even give a crap about.
You're adorable, I honestly can't look at your smile without starting to smile too.
Edit: I didn't notice initially but you have super pretty eyes.
you handsome man; i wanna kiss you right on that cute forehead!
It isn't easy, sometimes it feels cliche, and it is the best way to keep your own sanity and happiness directed.
I recently read about happiness not being a destination, but more of a vehicle to get where you want to go.
I hope you find the happiness we are all searching for.
Your eyes are so kind and you look so trustworthy, not to mention how handsome that smirk looks on you!
Your hair is awesome in both color and texture.
Those glasses look so cute on you, and your eyelashes look great too.
I look at your face and I think - he and I share hardships.
I'd take you up on a date any time :) keep your head up.
Even when all the odds are stacked against you and you keep getting kicked in the teeth.
Your hair is beautiful.
You rock that haircut and you have great expressive eyes.
And a friendly smile, just keep trying and don't let the negative people bring you down!
You have lovely eyes and are handsome.
but also your eyes are stunning!
Even though you're certainly going through some tough times, your smile does not show it in the slightest.
You look A LOT like Alexis Ohanian from Reddit, just with lighter hair!
you look like the kind of person I would love to be friends with!
I love your flannel, and you have beautiful eyes.
your eyes are beautiful.
you have beautiful, soulful eyes.
and your hair looks very soft and pettable :)
Know what you can and can't do; then decide "screw it" and figure out how you can accomplish the latter
You look like you have a great sense of humor!
You have great style (both the glasses and the shirt), eyebrows people would kill for, and you look like a very nice person :)
I bet you have a wonderful smile!
You have the most adorable hair and you ROCK that shirt!
I'm 28 and you can grow a better beard than I can.
Why aren't you wearing your awesome denim jacket today?
I think you're a better arsonist rather than a firefighter, because I'm sure you put a fire in many men's hearts.
Obviously a gamer, so relax and smile and enjoy the game :) best wishes, keep rocking, keep flashing your peace sign!
Over the ear &gt;&gt; on the ear headphones, you got good taste
My heart is with you and I also hope that you're safe.
But also I am impressed that you had the courage to reach out and ask for help and a bit of kindness.
That really does take heart and I encourage you to see that strength in yourself.
Extend your hand and meet somebody.
You have great lips worthy of a lipstick ad, and great style :)
OP you have a very kind face and a personality I can see from your pic that I usually get along great with!
You have a really pretty smile.
You look like a kind person.
You have such a lovely smile!
You have very pretty eyes and a great smile.
You have a lovely smile and I really like your top.
You have kind eyes.
Listen you may not be the bulkiest woman I have ever seen, but let me tell you, being a firefighter requires a different kind of strength that I can definitely see in your eyes.
Then maybe you won't have to force that smile so much.
You look very genuine with a wonderful smile!
You have kind eyes and a dapper haircut.
I don't know what kind of treatment you have done or what has or hasn't worked for you but what I was able to do is take a thorough DBT course.
You have a great haircut and a nice smile and I think that you're probably a really nice person too.
You have great eyes and a great smile, and you do hard things every day.
You have some advantages though- you seem fairly physically healthy, you are good looking, and you have the most amazing smile!
You look like you have a delightful and contagious laugh and a great smile.
There's brightness and light in your eyes.
Nothing wrong with your face or weight.
Face =/= fat, acne = near invisible and those braces can't hide your stellar smile.
You have really gentle eyes, like, if I needed somebody to hold a kitten for me you'd be the person I'd ask because you just look very trustworthy and kind.
Dude - You have kind eyes and a welcoming face.
Oh wow you have really incredible eyes!
Don't take a long, brisk walk if you don't want to, but if you were going to sit inside and read, maybe try doing it outside instead, even if it's just in the back yard, and give yourself permission to go back inside after a chapter if you want.
Just tell the doctors not to mess with your eyes, they're perfect!
Keep your chin up brother, your people are out there.
Your face reminds me a little of Bradley cooper!
I think you have nice brown eyes and I bet you have a funny laugh.
You have and absolutely beautiful, and kind smile!
Also your eyes are a beautiful shade of brown that goes wonderfully with your hair!
Your eyes are so deep, and your eyebrows are perfect.
Teeth and lips are a 9.9 ( no ones perfect, so don't let it go to your head).
You cut a very handsome figure and have gorgeous eyes, framed by very well suited glasses.
❤️ PS, your hair style/color is gorgeous!
And you have the most perfect smile I've ever seen!!!!
You have a beautiful smile.
Buy some nice outfits or makeup to brighten your mood!
Your eyes are a very unique shade of blue, more navy than the light blue often seen, and personally I find your color much more welcoming and soft.
It looks like that time was well spent because they really frame your face nicely, not everyone can pull off black frames but I think it suits you and they don't overwhelm your features.
Just turn those pretty blue eyes forward and focus on what you can control, which is being your lovely kind self to the people around you and showing yourself self care in this difficult time.
Your haircut and facial hair styling also looks like you put a lot of time and thought into them and they make you look super sharp and professional, another thing you had control over and succeeded with!
You have beautiful eyes.
You look like the resilient type, keep your chin up - cool glasses!
You have a great attitude and a fantastic smile!
Sending you all kinds of positive vibes!
BTW, your eyes are amazing.
You have super pretty eyes and you look like a very sweet person!
You have lovely (and very expressive) eyes, and that lipstick is great!
You have awesome color eyes and a very strong chin.
Just remember it's all in your head if you think anyone hates you, unless they're actively being rude/mean to you, in which case fuck em!
You don't need those kinds of people in your life anyways.
Your lipstick is stunning and so are your eyes!
Your smile is your strength
You should try smiling more.
You look like you'd have a nice smile.
I'm so jealous of your eyelashes!
Stand tall, smile, and act confident, even if you don't feel so.
Your makeup is on point girl.
It really makes your eyes pop!
Not to be a broken record, but I agree with the other posters, your eyes are incredible.
You have gorgeous eyes and it looks like you'd have a cute smile too!
Find something that'll make you smile or maybe look [at these cute puppers](Life kicks us down, but we have to find the strength in us to stand up one more time, always.
Hold your head high and your hopes for the future higher, life is going to turn around and one day, you're going to be glad you're around to see it.
Keep your chin up, I'm sure you're a great guy and deserve the best.
Also, you have a sort of heart melting smile.
It makes my heart warm to see it despite the past traumas you mentioned.
Stay determined and keep your head up, friend.
A relaxed face and small smile, with a twinkle of mischief in your eye.
You look like you'd give amazing hugs and just seem like a sweet soul.
You can totally rock a gorgeous red lip!
Go in confident knowing your going to kick ass!
You got this :) Just smile, take deep breaths, you'll do great!
Also, your hair looks fantastic :)
In addition to what the others have said, your eyebrows are beautiful and natural-looking.
you have a great style, and your smile says you can get through anything.
That lipstick is gorgeous with your skin tone!
Then you can kick ass in your interview.
Your eyes are quite lovely and you are very attractive.
You have such an elegant nose and forehead.
I don't need to see a picture to know your a beautiful person with a kind soul.
Spread your wings and fly Put on your boogie shoes and boogie.
Your hair and eyebrow color are like perfect, and your eyebrows are a lovely shape.
I love your makeup and your dope two-tone specs!
You look kind, understanding, and accepting- I'm certain you'll find "your kind of monsters" soon enough:) also- I love that necklace!
Keep your chin up, smile, and just breathe.
It is absolutely not your fault your brother took advantage of your kindness to go buy alcohol.
I cannot promise that it will be easy for you, and I wish I could be there to give you a hug and an ear to listen.
Thank you for the small smile and the bit of relief that reading this gave me.
If that's lipstick, it's a really wonderful color for you and makes your skin glow.
If it's just your natural lip shade, dang, good for you!
Your hair actually looks awesome.
I wish I had your hair.
You are really pretty - your skin is such a nice tone and so clear!
And as the other poster said, I can't believe that's your natural lip colour, stunning!
I love the fact that you posted a picture in a shirt with an Old Navy tag attached to it; I can tell you have a cool personality.
You have a really cute button nose and great eyebrows too.
And I love your freckles!
It's the chemical that your body produces at night to keep you asleep and restful.
The little foxes on that shirt go so well with your hair, which also looks amazing!
Love your hair btw!
You have a mona lisa smile!
Enjoy your weekend and don't be afraid to be silly and smile.
You'll figure out what you want to do.
Your hair is super awesome and I love it!!
Theanine is also a great calming agent - you can get it in pill form, but it's also in green tea (get the decaf kind, because you know --- sleep.)
I can completely put myself in your shoes.
Like I said before, I've been here and it gets better, but you need to start taking the problem head on in whatever small or large way you see fit.
Aw cutie look at your rockin hair.
Don't let assholes on the internet dictate how you feel, most people like that are hurting on the inside.
And your hair is everything!
Love your hair and think you are absolutely gorgeous.
I also super love your makeup and am jealous of the skill!
Good job on your makeup, looks good.
You have a really pretty complexion, flawless skin.
Also if you are in bothered by your weight see / as talking to others in the same situation can actually be quite motivating.
You have some great eyes that seem really intelligent.
You have really thick hair.
I bet your hair is hard to tame, but you seem to be doing it masterfully in this pic.
You got some pretty eyes too.
Your eyes are beautiful, just wow
Your hair is great.
Your hair is gorgeous.
It really shows off the bone structure in your face, which is very good looking!
It also makes your facial hair look really cool too!
I don't want to go and assume what kind of person your ex was, but you may be able to see this as a blessing.
You don't need any dumb makeup or filters to be beautiful.
but lemme tell you sista, anyone that gets the privilege of running their fingers through that luscious hair is the luckiest person on EARTH.
Jesus bicycling Christ you rock that 'stache like you invented it.
You look incredibly handsome in this pic, but don't be afraid to show more face!
Nice low key lighting :) You have an intense eye.
You have solid bone structure, are attractive, and can grow a full beard.
Most of all I'm impressed with your teeth!
Wow you have amazing hair, it's hard to keep such long hair nice and healthy.
I also love the chestnut brown color with hints of red that matches with your eyes.
And did I say that you have a beautiful smile thay brightens up a room :).
This might sound inappropriate but you have such sexy lips.
Your hair looks pretty awesome and your eyes are striking, you are pretty handsome.
You also have really nice chocolate hair.
Forget about the breakup, you look hella fancy, and you have pretty cool hair too.
Because you are waaay easy on the eyes.
I adore how open your eyes are, and how expressive your face is.
I LOVE your hair.
You look like you have a kind soul.
You have a very kind face.
Legend has it only the coolest of men have beards like that, and I think you just turned legend into a fact
You also have very friendly eyes.
You have fantastic brows and hair!
Our body is a temple and you look mighty healthy.
Wow, you have a really great smile!
As someone else said, your eye color is awesome!
Also, based on this picture, you look like you could totally pull off an eye-patch!
Not gonna lie, my heart literally skipped a beat when I was scrolling and saw your picture.
Your eyes are amazing!
Your lips and eyes look amazing.
And your eyeliner is awesome!
You have a great complexion and are very beautiful!
your eyes truly are magical!
Your eyes are absolutely stunning!
Your hair and makeup are on point, your lips look perfect and your eye makeup makes them really stand out.
And I am pretty sure he wants you to keep pushing and just smiling.
You look incredible and your eyes look amazing if you ever need anything message me.
You have a super-kissable face
That shade of lipstick compliments your skin perfectly, 10/10 matching
You have such nice eyelashes and such pretty eyes!
You're stunning and your eyeliner is on point!!
Also you did an amazing job with the wings of your eyeliner (I'm absolutely terrible with eyeliner so I'm kind of in awe).
Also, if I could have your steady hand when doing winged eyeliner I could die happily.
Don't let it ruin your smile, it's contagious and lights up the room.
You are beyond handsome &amp; your eyes!
Dark makeup and light hair makes your face really noticeable.
If you smile you could probably melt the polar ice caps.
Wow, your eyes, your lips and hair... you look like a beautiful doll!
Keep your head up brother.
Also, I like your hair!
You have some beautiful blue eyes.
Anyone who makes eye contact with you is lucky!
I agree about your eyes :-) I bet you have a contagious smile too.
You take a great natural front facing picture even when your not smiling, so I can tell you'll look even better when smiling.
You are so much more than your hair, believe me you are so great.
You could shave your head and grow a handlebar mustache!
But if they don't come around, you have to respect that and do your best to avoid this kind of mistake and move on.
I like your hair style and lip color.
You have piercing blue eyes and look smart (and intelligent) in that suit!
You got heart, you are a caring person, and on top of all that you had those big ass balls to ask a girl out.
Follow that big ballsy heart of yours you will go far with it.
Wow, that tie really makes your eyes pop.
It's never over, and I bet you'd spark even brighter if you put a smile on that handsome face.
I'm sorry you're feeling bad, but I love your hair!
I'd love to see a picture of you smiling, you have such a handsome face!
Depression is so tough to fight, but it looks as if you've got a good sense of humor to help you through.
Keep on smiling, you look like the kind of guy who can conquer anything.
Anxiety and depression are so shitty and difficult to deal with- I'm sorry you are facing those nasty demons.
Your facial features are incredibly striking- beautiful eyes and lips, lovely clear skin, and your face looks so expressive.
You have a great completion and very clear, thoughtful intelligent eyes.
Thinning hair is not a big deal you look great and will spark somebody's eye I'm sure of it.
I can't help but notice your shapely lips.
Everyone else has already mentioned your lovely eyes but I think your lip shape and color are just as nice.
That is one hell of a beard man, you look great.
I just want to say that your beard is fantastic!
You are really cute and I don't think you should be self-conscious of your appearance at all
I really like your outfit and hair color, you seem to have a great sense of style and I accept you for who you are :)
Your clothes fit, I want your shoes, you have a lovely smile and seem quite friendly.
You're an attractive man and you dress well :)
Darling, I'm sorry you have to deal with such assholes.
Your hair, that shirt, those shortssss.
You have pretty much the perfect face shape, lovely lips and kind eyes.
I may be a stranger, but I hope there's some weight in saying you have a very genuine smile.
Many people, especially during photos, seem to censor their joy - but you have an unabashed glow that lights up your face.
You can tell how when you smile, you bring everything into it - cheeks, eyes, everything.
You and your great shoulder ratio.
I want to compliment your eyes or how comfy that jacket looks, but I'm mesmerized by that beard!
It suits your face very well, man!
You have an adorable smile and your glasses compliments your face very well.
You have beautiful eyes &amp; your lipstick is a cute color :) I also love your top!
Wow your eyes are absolutely stunning
Can't really judge someone's personality through a photo, but you have a kind face.
Your nipples look nice, I guess.
What a rare gift, you have mesmerizing eyes &amp; look beautiful with glasses!
I like your style and you have flawless skin!
I think you have beautiful hands though.
I've lost a lot of confidence but just hearing your kind words have made me feel some happiness again.
You have an awesome smile and a killer beard!
I agree with the others, you have a beautiful smile.
You look really great and your smile is very pretty.
Wow your beautiful, and you have such a sincere smile 😊.
Oh my gosh I'm a guy and I'm even jealous of your hair.
Right, all of you who are smitten with her hair... Have none of you noticed her lashes?
Your smile makes me smile.
I think it makes your eyes look bright.
Keep in touch with your heart and the ones you love and cherish.
Like others said the red looks good and really contrasts with your eyes in a favorable way.
IDK if this counts as a compliment, but I'd mug you for both your shoes and your eyebrows.
But ofcorse,that dog is sooo cute,I don’t think it’s as cute as your smile though!also loving the beanie
It’s not bad on the photo, but a good posture does wonders for appearance and confidence, and you can think of it like an extra accessory for your style.
Hope they made you laugh/smile.
It might reflect upon your personality and some of your interests.
:) Sorry you're not having too hot of a day, I hope there's still some reason for you to smile in spite of the difficulties.
The world is indeed a brighter, better place with you &amp; your smile.
Shit, even your shoes are cool.
Many people can’t pull the shaved heads look but you most certainly can!
Rock your beautiful bald head with confidence.
You have such a bright smile!
I like your shoes man, looks comfy!
Just a suggestion, if you want to wear straight leg jeans if you get them bigger (looser to the skin) it will change your proportions.
You have such pretty eyes!
It's so hard to articulate what I see in your face.
But at the same time there is a depth in your eyes, you're young but not naive.
Just the chance and possibility I see in your eyes is enough to give me hope for this world.
Don't worry, you don't have a funny shaped head which is lucky since one doesn't know if they have a funny shaped head until they buzz it lol.
I think your hair looks fun and fluffy.
I hope that you get a lot more compliments :) I hope that they make you smile :)
Your widow's peak is cute as fuck, and with your hair buzzed, your facial features will stick out more.
If only I could give you a + because this made me smile!
You have really lovely eyes and great eyebrows too!
You are extremely well presented, you look great and you manage to make the whole look seem casual (although there is an impressively intense drive and focus in your eyes).
Your hair and glasses suit you for sure!
What do you do to your hair to get it to look so perfect??
But more importantly, just from looking through your comments, you have a very caring and kind soul.
You have a very kind and gentle face!
Your hair is amazing and the glasses suit you very much!
Your smile is both cute and gorgeous.
Your hair is red as can be (love it!)!
If you EVER need anything, a kind word, some advice, or just want to shoot the shit, please please don't hesitate to contact me.
Your smile is that fantastic!
Follow your heart always and never forget to keep in touch with those that love you.
Do you have a hairy chest?
You have that strength in you - I can see it in your face.
Your eyes are a mesmerizingly beautiful color.
Your head will be smooth, soft, shiny, and smell very nice.
You are damned handsome and your smile could light up a room.
you're really beautiful and you deserve happiness.
You have amazing skin and bone structure.
Stay positive and keep your chin up!
Glad you are still here, you have a lovely smile and amazing eyes!
I hope those bad days stay behind you and you can ride the waves in life without letting the lows hurt your soul.
I'm so happy you are still here, you look like the kind of person this world needs!
You seem to radiate calmness and kindness (and you are also very pretty of course, beautiful eyes!)
Your beard is dope as hell!
You are the rarest of the rare, the specialist of the special because you have red hair AND blue eyes.
As I'm sure you know, only 1-2% of the entire world is red headed but then add the blue eyes and WOW I can't even do the math but you've got to be amongst maybe .5% of the population of the world with that combo.
Most people who have red hair have brown or hazel eyes but you got the second to most rare eye color too.
Your smile brightened up a long, slow work day.
You have really lovely eyes :) but I have to admit my gaze went right to your mohawk!
Your eyes and lips are incredible!
I know that feeling of loneliness, I know how it starts to feel weird to smile because you haven't done it in so long.
You look so cool, love the hair and the beard.
You are gorgeous and have a wonderful smile!
Oh my god I am melting from that smile &lt;3 You are so damn precious.
Because I'm sure you are a bright soul too.
But you definitely have a smile that really brightens up the rooms.
The Waffle gods have blessed you with a beautiful smile!
Your smile is super contagious.
Your eyes are quite entrancing, and combine that with your hair and magnetic smile?
What a wonderful smile you have!
You are a beautiful woman and you have an amazing smile.
You keep that smile going and you won't be lonely for long.
That smile is exactly the thing your mom needs.
Thanks for contributing your bright smile!
Your smile is extremely contagious and you seem like an extremely fun person!
That's a super cute picture, your cat looks very content :) you also have very nice teeth!
Take that really awesome hair, killer smile, look in the mirror and tell yourself you deserve to get into grad school and have your dreams come true!
Your two-toned hair is a great choice for your eyes, they really pop!
If you've got a cool companion like that draped around your neck, you're gonna be ok in this world.
I see you also have a shoulder-cat, i have one too!
You have a great little gift right there on your shoulders.
I think we can all agree that your cat, your shirt, &amp; your hair are awesome.
You have a handsome cat, but an even more handsome smile.
+3 Love your freckles, they're so adorable!
You're 17 and head of IT at your work?
Keep positive my love, you have a gorgeous face.
;) You have a great smile and something about this picture just seems to say you have a great attitude.
I can't put my finger on it, but you look awfully familiar.
I do agree with many of the replies about your eyes though.
I absolutely love your hair!
Keep your head up, you're a very pretty girl, you'll find someone more worthy of you 😁
I tried imaging you working at the hospital and at the bar and being so tired at the end of the day and finally being able to rest and it made me smile to think that there are people out there that work so damn hard and still find time for others.
I love the gauges and your hair looks really good.
I know you probably hear this a lot, but those eyes look phenomenal.
I love the length of your hair and the part, it's actually so dope.
Your post made me smile, and cry, but mostly smile.
They received a "good morning" or a "I love your hair" or even a "that is awesome.
Also, your glasses, piercings, makeup, and clothes match your complexion and hair.
you have amazing hair.
head hair, facial hair, you got it all going on my man
Is your hair green or is that the light?
Addiction is so difficult to manage and sobriety can seem less rewarding, but the fact that you’re committed to it anyway shows that you are at your core a strong, admirable soul.
You are doing amazing, no matter what that little voice in the back of your head is saying.
Anyway something you probably don't hear often is that your hairline is really good.
See, you can pretty much do your hair any way you want it and it would look amazing because your hair line seems powerful.
It's very defined and follows a nice contour of your face, so it kinda frames it properly.
You have a very good set of eyebrows too, either you care and it shows or you don't and it's natural in which case lucky.
You are one of the few guys, few really, that can really pull off that just woke up hair style.
I bet you have a great smile.
Man, so many people post here that I think look just fabulous and if they're not smiling you can see they have great smiles and if they are, well, the same!
I see you have great hair and your eyes are pretty neat too!
Please keep your chin up and if you need help, don't be afraid to ask for it.
You have sweet eyes and a nice nose, and I'm sure you rock your wardrobe.
What kind of a business did you start?
I gotta say, my first reaction: your lips are fabulous.
Do you know how much people pay for fillers to get nice plump lips like that??
Also, I bet if you posted this over at skincare addictions or whatever some of those pages are, you'd have people shedding tears over the beauty of your complexion and your skin.
My first reaction when I saw your pic was "wow he looks like [harry styles](The hair, the stylish shirt, everything!
You resemble somebody famous, but I can't put my finger on who.
Your hair is amazing!
your eyes are incredible!
I second the comment about your eyes.
Man with that hair and that style there's no reason a guy like you shouldn't have a girl on each arm - you're killing it bro it's just hard to see that in yourself sometimes
Keep your head up buddy.
That being said, keep holding your head up.
Keep your head up.
And even if you don't, you still got that beef cake face.
Keep your head up knowing that the dawn will happen for you and you will see sunshine.
Keep your chin up and keep fighting towards that next goal.
I wish you will find the happiness you're owed ASAP.
Take your time to heal and keep your head up!
You have a charming smile and eyes that bespeak a thoughtful demeanour.
Your dark hair and green eyes create a cool contrast.
You have a really good bone structure and good facial hair!
I like your eye smile haha Hope you're having a good weekend :)
You are a kind person and deserve to realise this, I believe you deserve to portion some of your kindness upon yourself.
Also, your hair and eyebrows are flawless.
And don't even get me started on your lips!
As in get a new haircut you think is cool, buy some nice new clothes, have a good ol' declutter.
That's the kind of picture you hang up on the fridge so you get a look at yourself giving you a pep look first thing in the morning.
Your eyebrows are great :D and your eyes are SO green 😍 i love your attitude, you seem really nice and positive
Your eyebrows are to die for!
But to me, you look like the kind of person who makes it a little less rough on others because you understand how hard life can get.
Keep your head up, man.
Oddly specific I know but you have the best eyebrows I’ve seen in forever!
In the meantime, you look like a very nice man with compassionate eyes and I'd bet a killer smile.
Your hair is driving me insane!
You have a great smile and kind eyes.
I also love your hair- it frames your face well.
Girl, not only have you got intense, arresting eyes, you have great taste in movies too!
Buy that item of clothing you want, get that new hairstyle you always thought was cool but never went for it, declutter your living space.
If you are gaining confidence in your body, fantastic!
Plus I am really jealous of how straight your nose is.
I love that you can smile even though you just experienced a break up.
You have a gorgeous smile and look absolutely beautiful.
I agree with /, you look very normal, keep your chin up a little though, try that, and keep in mind that your haircut can be the reason you're focusing on other parts like your nose.
: Your nose is definitely not long.
You're adorable, &amp; I love your curls!
Or the neighbor who waves when they see you, because your smile is contagious.. Hope you start feeling better!
Man I'm jealous of your facial hair, no fair!
I opened your picture and immediately smiled!
Your smile is contagious!
I know it’s hard, but that pretty smile you so proudly display tells *me* that everything is going to be okay.
Your curls are to die for, amazing work.
If your eyes are as deep as your love for your cat, they must have lived one very fulfilled life!
I love your makeup, it's very nice and fits your face well!!
I really like your eyebrows!
I was genuinely taken aback by your eyes!
I hope someone has told you that you have wonderful eyes before~
In time you will rise above them all and find happiness!
You have beautiful eyes and are all around an attractive guy!
Your hair game is seriously strong!
Second, your eyes are intense, and you have really nice skin.
Your face radiates kindness.
Your hair is absolutely spectacular.
:) you are stronger then you think and you are a great looking guy with kind eyes.
I always look for those eyes and you have them in spades.
Real talk, I think we have similar hair types, can you tell me your routine to make it look that good?
I paused while scrolling because you have such a warm smile.
It lights up your whole face.
Plateauing is natural when losing weight, your body doesn't really cooperate readily with weight loss.
I waited longer than I would've guessed to mention you eyes.
Really though, you are gorgeous, your hair is amazing and I bet you have an awesome smile.
I feel like isolating specific attributes of your face and hair and look would somehow minimize how amazing you look.
You can't choose who you fall in love with, it's just a shame you decided to make a lifelong commitment to someone and back out of it so quickly.
If you smiled at me like that, I'd melt :)
I wonder if you are around a lot of people who have nose piercings.
Throw on a smile and you do you!
I know you're here because of the nose piercing -- and that looks great too -- but I just wanna say that you did a really good job on your eyeliner!
I love your makeup, and the nose ring looks adorable.
I didn't really notice your nose ring either but that is partly because I was distracted by your awesome eyeliner, nice brows and pretty eyes.
Your hair colour is also black which really contrasts well with your skin.
Your eyes remind me of a blizzard in winter, that wing is #goals and you got it goin on.
I didn't notice it immediately despite your title cause I was too taken in by your beautiful eyes.
Also, you have some of the best hair I've seen in weeks.
A little smile will make you look beautiful!
I love your makeup!
You have hauntingly beautiful eyes.
That's really put a smile on my face :) as ever you are looking absolutely stunning and really rocking the piercing.
I wonder if it's because it fits your face so well?
Your face is really well-shaped -- you've got a nice chin, and a hairline a lot of dudes would kill for!
Your hair is beautiful and your bright green eyes contrast the color in the most beautiful way.
But you've got to remind yourself..if you don't live..you can't experience the joy and happiness that you get now and then, and you can't give that joy to others.
I don't know if you hear this often, but you have a FANTASTIC nose.
I love strong noses, and yous really suits your face, and gives you a lot of character.
You also have really kind eyes, friend.
You seem cool, have a fun hair color, and should totally be a part of this world!
In the teeth of these stupefying odds it is you and I, in our ordinariness, that are here.We privileged few, who won the lottery of birth against all odds, how dare we whine at our inevitable return to that prior state from which the vast majority have never stirred?"
People haven't talked about your nose ring?
Cheer up, it fits you perfectly, and a smile would probably complete the package.
Also, your eyes are gorgeous!
I love the way you've done your eyeliner!
It really makes your eyes pop beautifully!
I love your hair man!
Keep your head up, times will be better
Never mind your handsome looks and beautiful eyes.. the best part about you is your willingness to open up and love someone.
From what I see, you have a really great complexion, that skin looks really healthy.
:D Love the beard and the hair, you rock 'em haard.
I've always been kind of jealous of guys with perfectly parted combed hair, and your eyes are enough to hypontize someone.
You seriously look like the kind of guy that has a huge smile on his face on a billboard advertising something like coke or candybars.
What I'm trying to say is that if you were smiling, my first thought would be 'that guy is doing awesome'.
And I'm sure you know this, but your eyes are, like, *really* pretty.
I think your hair is very pretty.
Your teeth look perfect.
I am not sure how to approach advice for your back.
Moreover, you have kind eyes and you seem like a nice person who deserves good things.
You have a gorgeous smile and your skin is amazing.
Plus your hair looks really soft and like it would smell good.
Your smile is so warm, and kind, even though you're in pain.
Do something just for you, to start; take a little trip, buy yourself something "over the top", get a drastic haircut, whatever strikes your fancy.
Those are eyes you can look into for a long time.
The world is (still) at your feet and there is so much to enjoy.
Enjoy your beauty, your kindness and the company of the people worthy of your love.
I love your smile and the way you wear your hair.
"Old" only happens when you stop adapting to life and that can happen to people that have younger bodies than you.
Your lip color.... is that natural?
You have a great smile!
I love that your eyes look kind - and you have a good smile too!
Finally, I really love your coloring; the hair color and the eye color totally compliment each other.
You got a great smile!
I didn't believe your husband could be with someone 27 years younger than you because your skin is so radiant and smooth I assumed you must be in your 30s!!
You look like you are so healthy and take good care of yourself, your hair and skin are beautiful.
You have such nice teeth and a lovely smile.
As a 50 something man who is slowly falling apart you will probably thank her for taking the "used car" off your hands.
Hi please post your skin care routine because oh my god, you're a glowy goddess.
Also, your cheeks are hella cute, and I really like your hat!
You have a beautiful smile, and your husband did not deserve you.
Good for you for putting on a smile through this tough time.
Despite what you are going through, your cheeks have a youthful rosy glow.
And so do your lips!
You have very lovely teeth.
It's hard to find compliments other than your appearance since that is all we see of you.
I love your smile!
It's just so joyful and even your eyes are smiling.
If this doesn't work out, keep your chin up and go on your way; you deserve the best and if you have a good attitude (which it seems like you do!)
I wish the best for you and hope you find a lot of happiness :)
You are very handsome, I instantly smiled at this photo!
Anyways, I completely understand loneliness is a very dreadful feeling and I hope you find the person who makes you smile like this everyday.
Good taste in beer and food, you dress wonderfully, have beautiful eyes, and I love your hair.
So, you're probably just now starting to _really_ figure out who you are/what you want out of life - we guys take longer than women, studies seem to show.
As you figure that out, potential dates will be even more attracted to you - and you're a decent-looking guy, so you're a step ahead there, too.
Getting compliments wont make you feel better, rather at best give you a little more light while staring down the hole that is forming underneath your feet.
I'm right there with you :/ But at least you have beautiful eyes and swoopy hair!
As a side note, you have the most beautiful, striking eyes - they look very green to me, not many people have green eyes.
And, for what it's worth, you have some killer eyes.
Weight can fluctuate always, but as long as you're feeling mentally good, than you should feel accomplished!
You are a very pretty girl, and you shouldn't focus on weight right now.
Be happy, face the day, and accomplish your goals; weight is irrelevant
You have a magnificent head of hair.
You have a great smile to go with it!
There is literally nothing about your face that I don't like!
You have great hair, great skin, gorgeous eyes, such amazing lips, great bone structure.
Your eyes mesmerize me, you look like a beautiful anime character.
Seriously, your smile lights up the room, you have a gorgeous face, amazing hair and I can get lost in your blue eyes.
also, i just want to point out that you are very handsome and i love your eyes.
have a great day and keep your head up!
I can see the light in your eyes, as can everyone here!
Your face is a lovely shape and your light eyes are just gorgeous.
Most importantly, you look like a kind person.
You deserve nothing but kindness from others - other people in your life should treat you with respect and love!
Get a cool new hairstyle you've always wanted, do a little exercise for the endorphin boost, declutter your living space.
I have absolutely nothing positive to say that hasn't already been said except that your eyes are dreamy and your fit is 🔥🔥🔥 Edit: sad -&gt; said lol
I also love your dimples and eyes!
You have dimples and a smile that people would kill for.
But maybe not too much chocolate because your skin is flawless.
Next up is your makeup, I just recently learned how hard getting your makeup right can be, and believe me, yours is great (not that you need it of course, I'm positive you'd look great without it too).
Now for your eyes.
I should also mention your dimples, those are cute as hell, perfectly framing that great smile of yours.
Speaking of your smile, you've got a great one, not only do you have bright shiny teeth but your smile reaches all the way to your eyes and makes you look just that much better :)
All that shit is the drugs leaving your body.
I agree with everything everyone has said and wish you the absolute best and lots of power and happiness... ...but I just can't get over your eyebrows and lips.
I'm over here with a pair of tweezers and a lip pencil, just staring at your photo like "HOW?!"
Keep your chin up.
Wish I had your complexion ahah.
I also love how you keep your hair.
You seem like a great person :) also agree with that eyebrow smolder-- way to pull it off
I know you have a small smile hidden inside of you, it just takes a special someone to bring it out of you and with a strong will you can do it.
You have beautiful lips too, and your hair is great.
For real what is your skin care routine?
your skin looks amazing
I like your haircut dude!
Your eyes are striking.
Your eyes are incredible -- ice-blue -- and framed by those looong lashes.
Your life is in your hands.
The happy kisses rain upon your face; your hands again caress the beloved head, and you look once more into the trusting eyes of your pet, so long gone from your life but never absent from your heart.
I scrolled by your picture and didn't think "hey an ugly guy" I scrolled by and though "this guy dresses pretty well and he looks like the type of guy I'd talk to at a wedding instead of dancing too honestly."
You've got a face that to me says "I don't wanna be here but since I am talk to me" and maybe that's because that's usually my face haha if you ever need somebody to talk to feel free to shoot me a message.
You look well dressed and have a full head of hair, those two are great.
But even if you lose the hair and start dressing differently, I feel like with the type of hypersensitivity that you have (while it sucks) makes you a comforting person to talk to, and that's timeless.
The biggest criticism I could possibly give you is the sad mope expression on your face, but I wouldn't exactly hold you too accountable :-) I feel like if you were photographed off-guard, mid-laugh, showing teeth maybe, it would be an entirely different picture!
As many people have said, you have a full head of hair and your face still has a youthful glow.
That being said, people look 100% more attractive when they are smiling, so it's hard to give you a genuine compliment on your face when you're giving the camera those big puppy dog eyes.
Awesome things about you: * Full head of hair, plus you really don't look 'old' * Awesome sweatshirt * Super random, but it looks like you have really nice nails and hands.
* Even though they look sad in the photo, you have nice eyes -That being said, you do look sad in the photo, and the number 1 thing that makes people look more attractive is their smile.
I'm sorry that life is kicking you in the butt right now.
You have intense, deep and soulful eyes.
You're in good shape, you have good hair and skin, and a really nicely-shaped face.
He looks like a real life Zaphod Beeblebrox (If you don't know the ref, you really should figure out where your towel is).
You look completely normal, and you have a cute smile.
Also, your face is very expressive.
I wouldn't take you to be someone who is super unlikable, You can judge a person a lot on the way they smile, and you have an incredibly friendly and approachable smile.
Take pride in your appearance bud, you've got nothing to worry about.
You have the kind of face that puts me at ease and makes me want to talk to you.
On the plus side, you have a beautiful body and a great sense of style!
Your smile made me smile, it is so infectious.
You have such a sweet face, a nice smile and kind eyes.
I think you look charming, chin up!
You are gorgeous w/grea hair.
Your smile and dimples are adorable and sure your goodness is part of what gives off such a positive vibe in this picture.
My favorite physical feature about you is probably your hair.
You just need to figure out what you're good at and what you care about.
I'm sure you'll find a place that works with your personality.
Just keep your head up and keep pressing on!
You have fantastic legs, and I hope you use them to kick some serious ass out there!
This will build your happiness and make it easier to talk to people/make friends along with making you more approachable.
You have the cutest dimples!!
Or maybe it's because your smile is so infectious.
Also your hair game is on point.
I'm willing to wager that there are thousands of people who'd love to be in your shoes!
I smiled when I saw your pic.
You have a great face, those dimples are awesome and some pretty sweet hair going on there.
You have a great smile and look really nice!!
And your face glows with emotion.
Also I'm kinda jealous of the beard haha Care to share the piece you were playing?
You look really friendly and like you take care of your appearance.
Omg that thing you hair does on the front?
You're probably too young for me to say you're hot without it being totally inappropriate and creepy, but listen believe me when I say you have a nice face.
Your haircut is great, you have an amazing nose and your smile looks kind.
You have a great smile with a lovely and charming dimple.
You are a handsome dude with an endearing face.
On a side note, you look like a lover I had once so your picture made me smile and relive some saucy memories.
I'd kiss you on the cheek if I could!
It's hard to judge from a photo, but your smile seems genuine and kind.
Your dimples are gorgeous, and your smile lights up your face!
Like you have a sense of humor.
Also, you got dimples!
You have the most adorable dimples!
If I saw you on the street and you smiled at me, it would make my day!
You have the kindest eyes I've ever seen :)
Your smile seems contagious, and also I love your cardigan.
I like your face.
Seems like you have a good personality too.
You have fantastic eyebrows and nice eyes, I'd kill for those!
I hope things start to turn around and you can use that pretty smile.
You have a killer jaw line, nice thick eyebrows, and the most amazing eyes.
I just want to play with your hair, please.
I'd go on a date with you instead of 9/10 gym freaks that have muscular bodies and what not.
Stay positive, throw a smile on, and do the things you enjoy the most.
Love your hair color btw.
I don't really see any acne at all, but if you want vibrant skin you could start a Korean skin care regiment.
I use: kose softymo speedy cleansing oil kojie san soap (this brightens your skin and gets rid of scaring it's awesome) Toner- I honestly have the best luck with either Apple cider vinegar or witch hazel tony moly snail gel- it's made from snail mucin and I know it weird but trust me it works And whatever moisturizer you use, I use Aveeno because my face is slightly on the oily side.
Honestly your skin looks beautiful and you will make a gorgeous bride regardless.
Not least of all to mention how amazed your fiance will be, who I'll bet loves you just as much with acne and oily skin as you naturally are than when you're dressed up and pampered.
Have you ever heard anyone say *“I broke up with my fiancé, which I loved and wanted to marry, because she has acne.
Oh and her hair is thin!”* I bet you haven’t.
The reasons he wants to marry you aren’t clear skin, thick hair and super white teeth.
:) And btw, even if your hair and skin don’t want to play along: you’re happiness is going to brighten that face.
You remind me of a cake; colourful and sweet and sugary and too lovely-looking to take my eyes off of.
Keep your head held high man, you got this :)!
You have beautiful eyes and just the sweetest smile!
People would love to have a kind soul like you in their lives.
Your skin isn't pasty white.
Do a quick search online for porcelain skin and you'll see that you don't need to be tan to be beautiful.
Have you considered getting your hair cut?
You have great features and facial structure that your hair is hiding.
Seriously you look good and you just have a really calm looking face and also look older than 16
You have such a nice face, and a great complexion!
I do agree with someone else who posted though, getting your hair taken care of would probably not only help your look but make you feel good too.
Ask the barber how to take good care of your hair, he'll teach you how to keep it feeling great!
Just keep your chin up.
If this means anything, I would totally love to have your face.
Your fiancee already came to his senses - he asked you to marry him :) I wouldn't have even realized you had acne if you hadn't mentioned it in your post, and your hair looks absolutely fine.
Good face structure and jaw, cut the hair and work on your eyebrow expression and you'll be a solid 8
Enlarge it until only your face is in the picture and the top of your hair.
Put your thumbs along either side of your neck to hide your hair and you will see how you look with shorter hair.
If you cut your hair, and still don't like it in a month or two , it will always grow back.
The best advice I can give to you is to smile, even if you don't feel like it.
Smiling releases good chemicals into your brain and it is really something the rest of the world needs to see.
The best advice I can give to you is to perfect your smile.
My only advice for someone young and starting out in the dating world is simply to smile if you see a young lady that you are attracted to.
Your skin isn't pasty white, it's your natural skin tone and it's wonderful.
You could try to head over to , they're incredibly helpful there.
Keep your chin up &amp; keep smiling, it's a cute smile.
You have great bone structure, nice strong jaw line and facial features.
What kinds of things do you love doing?
You have a genuinely beautiful smile, and I really love your eyes.
Please don’t listen to the voice in your head that tells you the world would be better off without you - it’s absolutely wrong.
But you can feel genuine happiness again.
Woah you look great...remember its the personality that really matters :) hang in there
You look like a Zelda fan and that’s an immediate +20 to your cool points, plus I bet you have a very handsome smile.
I wish I could rock glasses like you can, and I look dumb every time I try and pull a silly face like this, even though it’s my mood a lot of the time!
I’m assuming you started with dark brown-black hair, what was that process like for you?
Okay you have a seriously beautiful smile, and I love the way glasses look on you!
It doesn’t look like you’re wearing makeup (or if you are, not much!)
It takes me forever to not look like I’ve been awake for 4 days straight, so trust me when I say you look like you’re the kind of person who rolls out of bed and is instantly adorable.
You have a sweet smile and really nice eyes, they're very soulful and draw you in.
It looks like you have really healthy skin, too!
A smile, 3 minutes doing your hair, and maybe a little brow shaping?
Let me start off by saying you got some kind of celestial vibe going on there.
Then I wish that moment will linger in your head, throughout the day and days to come.
You have a very nice smile, and by the looks of the comments, it made a bunch of strangers smile and that's no small feat!
I hope you have a tremendous weekend filled with smiles of your own :)
You have the most beautiful skin!
You have really naturally beautiful lips.
It makes your face look soft and very genuine.
I love your smile and the way you look to the side and smile is a very good look on you.
You have a strong jawline and your hair suits you.
You have a smile that lights up your face.
I think you're beautiful because you can see your smile in your eyes.
Your eyes are so expressive.
You have stories, you have life in your eyes.
If you believe me, follow your heart and be yourself.
But I see kindness in your eyes, and patience.
Keep your chin up, you got this.
Admit you were a dick, don't try to justify the way you acted to her she ain't gonna deal with it lol, and next time you're frustrated take a long, deep breath and take a moment to think.
1. make sure your apology IS from the heart.
Your hair looks absolutely beautiful and your glasses are fantastic.
everything about your face is perfect.
That kind of insight into your own feelings and emotional state tells me that you're doing more succeeding than not.
Your happiness and well-being is more important than the public's misconceived ideas about antidepressants.
You do you and hold your head high because you have worth.
You know when you see someone's face and it's such a kind, pretty looking face that you can't help but like that person just for looking so friendly?
I love your lips, they're so big and pretty.
Your eyes are beautiful!
 Giirrrllll... your lips are KILLER.
It taught me so much about self-worth and i think it'd help you quite a bit as long as you're up for some crude humor.
One can see in your eyes, all the good and warmth you have inside.
Don't hesitate to share a smile, because you really shine!
Your eyeliner is on point!
You're either really damn good at applying eyeliner, or you have been blessed with eyelashes so lush it looks like you have eyeliner on.
And you have style too, I'm a fan of thick framed glasses and skulls!
I'd imagine your personality matches.
I'd trust your face awfully quick, ha.
From one blue eyes, bearded dude to another...you look like you could be related to Chris Hemsworth.
Keep smiling man and remember...Snapchat isn't magical...it captures real images of a real person...your snap is great which means you are too.
I'm so jealous of your makeup game!
Your eyebrows are really well done and your eyeliner is amazing too!
Besides that, your hair is such a gorgeous color and looks super soft?
Besides that, your smile is cute and I really love your eyebrows!
Tbh I love the look in your eyes.
You look at your face and filter it through your "bad" perception and every feature, every quirk, all the little glimmers in the eyes and the twitch of the lips that someone probably loves (or will love) about you seems awful and sad to you.
When I looked at your smile, it reminded me of [something I seen before](I believe these words, because you have a very lovely smile, so regardless how you feel, know that you also have good thoughts, because it's beaming out of you.
And the feminine skulls with little purple flowers on your shirt, your glasses, your peek-a-boo bangs, all show you got style.
You are very pretty especially your Nose and those gorgeous lips.
People like you make me jealous that i can't seem to grow facial hair lol.
You have such kind eyes, I bet you have a beaming smile.
You have a very friendly, familiar face.
Man can you grow a beard!
You have a very sweet smile!
Love your nose scrunch :D
Your beard is awesome and I think that you have beautiful eyes :)
I love your hair and that tattoo.
Your hair is gorgeous, as is your makeup!
Your piercings are dope as fuck!
Keep your head up man.
I love the colour of your hair!
And gosh damn, you have cute eyes and lips.
You also pull off tattoos very well, which is hard to do in my book, but might be down to your flawlessly snowy skin.
I'd make a guess that if people are putting you down or not recognising you, I'd bet it's because they're jealous or intimidated by how cute you are and by how much style and personality you exude.
I love the smile you have.
Your intelligence and sweet face will bring you far, don't give in or up!
And your eyeliner is so sharp it could cut a man ;)
If you pass by someone walking a dog, say hi to both and I guarantee your heart will smile!
You have such nice eyes!
And don't be afraid to smile, I bet you have a wonderful smile that lights up the entire room!
Your hazel eyes are just gorgeous!
Your eyes are crazy good.
By trying to correct mistakes, you're already heading the right direction, you're just not getting there as fast as you hoped.
Beautiful eyes and a steady, open gaze; you look like a great guy.
Good for you that you're keeping some kind of rhythm in your life and taking care of yourself.
Dude every man wants your beard!
There really are no words to take that pain away but what I can offer is my first thought when I laid my eyes on your pic, you look like a freakin ROCKSTAR!
Keep her in your heart, and she'll be with you forever.
I just love your hair by the way.
I like your hair and your face.
It's absolutely okay to still miss what you had with her, hearts cannot heal overnight.
I love your hair and your makeup!
Love how hazel your eyes are 😍 also your lipstick is a great color for you!
Dude your lips and so cute, that little smirk damn girl.
Plus those eyes and your cute cheeks.
You are beautiful and awesome you can do anything you set your mind to I can see perseverance and confidence in those eyes.
Your eyes sparkle and you look like you're offering to show me something really cool, and it actually will be.
I love that your lipstick matches your hair!
Wherever she, whether she is still looking down at you or not, I guarantee she wants you to wear a smile on that face.
Your eyes certainly are.
Keep smiling, you look adorable and I wish you the very best.
Your smile looks like one of those good effortless happy smiles!
And nice nose-ring, fits you well :)
Your smile is infectious!
You have great hair, awesome cheekbones and a lovely smile.
Your smile is lovely!
I just wanted to say that your smile is one of those rare ones that inspire people to just embrace their inner child and be silly.
Absolutely love your hair &amp; sense of style!
You will carry her with you always, in your heart.
I love your hair and you look really cute.
You also look like you have a good sense of humor, but I might be wrong.
Nice goatee too :D Looks aside I’m very proud of you for overcoming your addiction and mental illness.
God, I wish I had that glorious head of hair you got.
Keep on smiling and keep on wishing, maybe someday your wish will come true!
Bro i wish i had your eyes!
Omg your hair, your nose ring, your shirt RHCP = amazing.
Your hair makes me smile.
I am so sorry to hear that but please keep your chin up because you are one bad ass babe !
What a nice smile you have.
And your hair is so beautiful.
I hope both you and the kitty get lots of head rubs :)
The same gentleness shows in your eyes - they are smiling as much as your smile itself.
You have one of the most genuinely friendly faces I've seen in a long time!
With a little determination and a smile on that awesome face you can be where you want to be with a job you enjoy surrounded by people as friendly as you
You have very kind eyes.
When I look at your eyes I see a compassionate person.
You are amazing dude and you are really ricking that beard!!
like really such a badass beard you handsome devil!
Your hair is incredible and so are your eyes!
Her voice will echo in your mind forever and you'll figure yourself out and make her proud.
You look really at home in your jacket and beanie.
Your heart is going to ache forever there's no getting around that.
Life has a funny way of bringing up those moments and forcing you to smile again.
I mean that in the nicest way, red plaid shirt, awesome beard, if you tossed an axe over your shoulder you wouldn't even need to chop the trees, they'd just fall over for you!
That color looks great on your hair!
I'm absolutely in love with your hair too, I love the curls!
Keep showing that gorgeous smile and I'm sure things will come your way soon :)
Keep your chin up and be confident.
You eyes are both captivating and interesting.
You have EXACTLY the type of hair I want!
Your hair is really tight, and if you're lonely and need a friend let me know!
Your eyes and you hair are absolutely gorgeous!
We have the same frames, so obviously you have style ;))
You have a strong confident appearance.
Your hair matching your eyes like that looks really good.
Your beard is goals...
You gotta good job and good face so you got plenty to offer lol.
Your hair is amazing!
You have a very charming smile!
Your eyebrows look really good!
I love your hair, it’s such a nice color and so curly.
With your big eyes and beautiful hair.
Keep your head up.
But based off looks alone, you seem EXACTLY like the kind of guy that would make a great friend!
You're nice to animals, you have a really chill smile that says that you're not too much of a brash dude, and just overall look very easy and quiet to hang out with.
Goodness you're adorable 😊 cats aren't generally the most trusting of strangers, so I think it says a lot about you as a person that you managed have it happily in your arms.
You seriously look exactly like the kind of guy anyone would have *serious* fun hanging out with, no bullshit.
Like honestly, your body language was literally the first thing I noticed and I love it, it's super kind and outgoing and honestly even very welcoming.
Your hair and glasses are dope and the title had me laughing.
I would just like to say that I love your hair!
Your hair and glasses suit your face perfectly!
You also look like you'd be a blast to hang out with, a warm smile, upbeat body language, the whole package.
Animals are normally The first to realize someone has a kind soul :) that is probably what kitty was doing as you look like a lovely friendly person ^_^
you have a great beard and hair, and you look really friendly.
You have this look like you've just written an album or book in your head, over breakfast, that's going to change the world.
Your mother has given you a gift, with her harshness and critical nature, she has shown you the kindness, patience, resilience and strength you have in yourself.
you have really great hair and i nice face.
My best friend has a tattoo of a rose and seeing yours brought a smile to my face :) My group has a huge sunflower as a totem when we go to festivals and I would definitely do the sunflower dance with you if I saw you at one!
You have great hair and pull off the "I'm intelligent &amp; really down to Earth" look quite well!
You have an air about you of the kind of person that makes for a great conversationalist, and a great friend.
You are a beautiful, strong woman and as scary as this is you're going to find happiness and fulfillment in this new chapter of your life.
There are all kinds of lovely things out there, man, and you seem like someone who's gonna find them.
keep your chin up!
I love your braids and your glasses and your face and everything.
You seem like the kind of guy id wanna go to a movie with and then dissect it after words as we eat hot wings (why this popped into my head i don't know).
Keep your chin up and that bathroom clean and the ladies will be pouring in.
Something about your eyes and smile makes me think you'd give really good warm hugs.
I love your hair!!!!
Your hair are awesome.Your Aura is sweet, kind and smart which attracts intellectuals.
Something about your thoughtful eyes and slight brooding look remind me of a young Stellan Skarsgard.
Your skin looks amazing.
I don't know why you're single you're very handsome, you have a friendly face and look clever.
I love your hair and your smile, you are obviously a very kind person if animals just come to you like that!
I want to know what you use on your skin...it is FLAWLESS!
Your soulful brown eyes.
Also...I like your braid =) I wear my hair in braids all the time, too!
You have a wonderful Aura about you, simply stunning and the face of an angel.
Your hair long and flowing, could literally wear it however you want and pull it off.
I love your hair.
Also, your skin is *flawless*.
You look so nice and your smile is so beautiful!
And just in case, if you're worried about your looks, let me say you have beautiful hair, kind eyes, and your smile is the warmest I've seen all day, I hope you feel better as soon as possible &lt;3
I just wish I looked as good as you when I faced it!
We are all rooting for you, and with a charming smile like that, you got it goin' on.
I bet you have a huge smile, I wish I could see it.
Your eyes are really pretty :D
I love the color of your hair, and the body of it.
You look like you kick ass and chew bubble gum, and you're all out of gum!
Your smile is so perfect!
You're so beautiful when you smile!
It is wonderful to see that you have found your happiness.
I hope you continue on this path, and keep sharing your light, and smile with the world.
You have a beautiful smile, and you rock that punk grrl hair awesomely.
Between your smile and your haircut you are reminiscent to me of Amelie.
You have a warm heart and it will take you where you need to be.
I gotta say I reeeaally like your hair lol.
Great hair, your body is covered in art, I love it.
You bore that spiritual weight for over a decade by yourself?
It's hard to not give up with something like that on your heart.
Your eyeliner could cut diamond, that flick is so sharp!
Use this time to let loose, have fun, figure out who you are and who you want to be.
Your tattoos are sick and so much personality shines through this photo.
You look like the kind of person I'd try really embarrassingly hard to be friends with.
Love the some you have, the sun behind you is shining because of that smile.
- Your hair is incredible.
I wish I could have the confidence to rock hair like that - You look ridiculously fun.
It feels like your eyes are staring in to my soul, and it's amazing - You're like a chameleon.
You have originality and personality and that's invaluable.
Also I just want to add your hair is glorious, and I'm insanely jealous of how healthy it is.
It took so much courage and strength to tell them and I hope you feel even the slightest weight off your shoulders.
When you hit your head, trying to pierce through the crust of the earth while ascending from the second circle of hell, you beautiful devil.
You've got amazing hair that I bet you hide behind but I hope you don't because you're very cute.
You are all beautiful souls.
Stay safe and keep your head up because you've earned feeling proud for coming forward with this, even if no else is, I'm proud.
There's a special strength in vulnerability 💗 Also, your hair is gorgeous xx
People don't realize that it's harder for people with trauma not only to survive, but to go with it every day, to do the same things other people's do, but with a 100 tons weight on your shoulders.
Also you deserve happiness.
💕 You have beautiful eyes and amazing wavy hair!
There are people that don’t understand, but if you had a broken bone, there would be no question that you needed to get it fixed.
For me, when I am in your shoes, I make myself go do something for somebody, like volunteer at a homeless shelter.
Your hair is such a unique color and your skin is so beautiful.
Find your focus, repeat your goals to yourself and I'm sure you will overcome any obstacles you face!
:) Dedicate your time on your happiness and you'll find it.
You have the sweetest, kindest face and you are definitely not ugly.
Your hair is ace, I love it.
Your skin is flawless.
Looks like you could crush watermelons with those arms and you probably give damn great hugs !
Since a was kid, I never wanted to be blonde or redhair but your hair color is so unique as the person who carries it.
Bro, you have the smile.
Smile for her because she makes you smile and she will smile back.
I love your hair (especially the color!)
and I agree with the other posters that your skin is flawless!
But while I could compliment your appearance all day, I am really amazed by your self-confidence and bravery!
To confidently put yourself out there to the internet and stand on your OWN understanding that YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL and that you're okay with your appearance is a step towards confidence that a lot of people (including myself) struggle with.
You are super handsome; you have a great smile, a good head of hair(which even at your young age isn't a given), and just in general a very attractive appearance.
Very cool of you to shave your hair for such a good cause and I'm loving the new cut!
Keep being you and keep smiling!
And I love that you shaved your head to honor others.
Is your hair naturally that colour or dyed?
Your hair is a great style and colour, it really suits your face.
You have a great smile, and I bet you are someone who always has a little smile for everyone!
You also have lovely eyes, and your skin is flawless and smooth.
You clearly know how to dress beautifully and your style looks timeless and well put together.
Try to keep your chin up, even when it feels like everything is falling apart.
Your skin is gooooorgeous!
You put a lot of work into your body, so you clearly have drive and determination to build something.
Now the really hard part - put that drive and determination to work in rebuilding your heart and spirit during this rough time.
I know how hard it is to loose someone who was your rock and to face the cold reality of living alone.
You are such a good looking guy with some sexy ass sleeve tattoos.
Honestly, I'm jealous of your amazing complexion.
Really, you have some of the best skin I've ever seen!
Your super cute (I'm and old lady, I'm allowed to call guys cute) and handsome, and you definitely have that smile going for you.
But remember: it's your personality that counts, it's how you are that's important.
You totally have this in hand, my friend.
Stunning eyes, lovely lips, amazing complexion, you got it going on!
You really do have beautiful skin!
You should also be happy you don't have to pay thousands of dollars to have your lips injected!
I keep scrolling up to look at your smile, you cheeky nut!
You have the kind of broad, safe shoulders I would love to lean on and I have no doubt you would be a kind and sweet boyfriend!
You are beautiful and your hair color is gorgeous!!
Keep your lovely chin up!
You look like you are such a kind person, and your facial hair is spot on.
Your eyes are a wonderful color!
You skin is GORGEOUS.
Do you have a skin routine you follow?
:) but for real, I use Reddit for the positivity factor, I basically only subscribe to "happy" subreddits and still you find the assholes that sneak in there just to ruin someone's day for no reason.
You have kind eyes.
You have awesome skin tone &amp; such expressive eyes!
The freckles on your cheek look like the Little Dipper from this angle.
Like when you smile, the sky smiles too.
Also, you have a very kind-looking face.
You are quite a looker with beautiful eyes!
Your skin and eyes are so beautiful!
The kind of hug that makes you take a relaxing breath because you feel someone cares.
Your skin is flawless, and you have such a kind and beautiful face.
Be selfish, do things that nourish your heart, try things that you haven't tried before... As someone who's been single for a looooong time, I know that sometimes you can feel overwhelmed by loneliness.
I bet you have a great smile!
Your hair color and style fits you perfectly.
Your face looks very peaceful and pure.
I think you look great and you have the sort of lips that look like you can always have a great smile so smile more!
You are beautiful, such nice skin &amp; eyes.
You look great and I wish I had skin like yours.
In addition to really cool hair and a beautiful complexion I'm jealous of, you look like an interesting, thoughtful person too.
You have amazing eyes and lips and your hair is amazing!
The particular configuration of your face shown seems to indicate that you are capable and skilled at expressing complex emotions.
The (what I am going to assume is a) tattoo on your right arm would seem to be an indication that you care very deeply about certain things and have the determination and ability to commit and see things through.
There is also an indication of creativity or artistic appreciation; if the tattoo was designed by you, definite creative mind - if chosen by you (designed by someone else), it shows you have understanding and appreciation for others' skill and creativity, and a keen eye to find something that relates directly to you.
You have an amazing complexion, and I think you are beautiful!
I love the arch of your eyebrows and your beautiful complexion.
The colour of you hair is amazing, especially in contrast to your skin.
I can't tell what colour your eyes are in this picture - are they sky blue, or grey?
Do you have hazel flecks in your eyes?
Which ever, you have beautiful and interesting coloured eyes.
Well, you could always surprise your coworkers with a little glam, by letting your hair down and adding some make up and jewelry.
Symmetrical face, enviable face shape that looks like you could work any haircut, flawless complexion.
Additionally your hair colour suits you.
With that sweet face, those eyes and that hair, I'd be willing to bet there are at least a dozen girls with a crush on you right now!
Hold your head up.
Your skin is incredible, you've got a great head of hair, and your nose is well-shaped.
Oh my god your skin.
You have the kind of face I would feel comfortable talking to.
You have really nice facial structure and your hair is awesome!
Keep hitting the gym , keep clanging those weights, beat your personal records day in and day out.
Keep your chin up.
You look like a really friendly person, your beard game is strong and you have lovely eyes!
You have very soft, kind eyes and one hell of a cool beard- a great combo!
So smile today tmm and the next day 😊 and keep doing what makes you the happiest !
Did you know that red hair and blue eyes is the rarest combination on earth?
I like your piercings a lot.
Your glasses are awesome and you have really pretty eyes &lt;3 You said you struggled with body image and I don't see how, I mean you're like really pretty!
I love your hair!
You're friggin adorable and your piercings make you look super hot!
You look happy in this picture, and it's making me happy in return :D Lovely blonde hair, gorgeous eyes!
I love the hair, the hat, the shirt... You really are the whole package.
You are very cute tbh, pretty eyes, and I love your tattoos.
For starters, you have amazing hair and are gorgeous.
Your eyes are absolutely gorgeous
You have fantastic hair and your hair cut suits you perfectly!
You know.. much as people shit on the "hair over the one eye, emo" look... there are people, like you, who can fucking PULL IT OFF.
You look like the kind of dude I'd DEFINITELY hit up a concert with.
Your eyes, body, and musical taste are on point.
i love your frames omg
You are super adorable and there's a glint in your eyes that looks mischievous!
Thank you for all the kind comments.
You have a really contagious smile!
:) You have very soft eyes and I love how deep and dark they are.
Your eyes also look super awesome!
But you have a very sweet face, and I can most assuredly tell you that if I saw you on the street, I would definitely see you as any other human.
Although I know that doesn't help much, I know that feeling inhuman mostly comes from the inside, and feeling that everyone else around you just doesn't seem to be able to relate, and that they have everything figured out while even the simplest things seem complicated and scary to you.
I wish you all the peace and happiness as you take this journey for yourself.
It'll be hard and there will be bad days but you are capable of anything and I'm here to talk if you ever need an ear.
On a side note you have a very sweet face and beautiful eyes!
You are not a human You are an angel in a human body Anyways just don't worry about it.
(which i had a hardcore crush on) Now go on your babely way and pat yourself on the back for taking the steps in the right direction &lt;3 And if you ever need someone to talk to feel free to msg me :) Have yourself a glorious day &lt;3
You're totally gorgeous, that haircut suits you so well, I love your eyes.
And your smile, even if you're feeling broken and sad, is so sweet and kind.
Also, your skin looks flawless &lt;3
your eyebrows look awesome and you have really nice and big eyes, your lips are full and cute and you're rocking that haircut!
You make me smile just by looking at you!
Especially your eyes they really compliment and pop with your skin and hair colors.
Keep your head up you are very young and you will find your place.
You have the most beautiful and sincere eyes.
You probably feel like your not human because the beauty of your eyes is out of this world!
You look like you belong in a studio ghibli movie, your face is beautiful, your eyes are amazing and I really like your style!
I wish you were wearing white, just to contrast with that wholesome hair that compliments your eyes.
If you just add a smile, I would crush on you.
My conclusion is that you're very much human, and I make that conclusion on the basis of your kindness and compassion.
Your smile shines brighter, your laugh comes right from your belly, and the whole world seems brighter and more colorful.
It's hard sometimes to love life when your heart is stitched to your sleeve and you don't know what to do about it.
Look at all these comments here rooting for you and just waiting for the moment that you will smile wider.
Here is a picture of my fat cat in a bow tie to try to make you smile :)
You really look like a cool, genuine dude, your eyes say it all.
I saw someone else suggested meditation, it's not the quickest thing to get down effectively, but it does help clear your head and eases the overthinking a bit once you get it down.
Your eyes tell a wonderful story.
Sure you've experienced pain and heartache but you know something...those eyes have seen happiness also.
Chin up sweety, you got this.
I love your face and smile and your wonderful country.
Your face looks like sunshine.
You have a beautiful face and amazing hair :( sorry to hear that you don't feel like you belong, but hey, I'm here for you and everyone in this sub is :).
Regarding your appearance - you're absolutely freaking gorgeous.
Your hairstyle suits you so much, you look like a pixie queen.
Your lips are gorgeous and your eye colour is the prettiest one I've ever seen.
Your nose is also adorable.
Your face in general is just flawless :)
You can really pull off the facial hair and you have a lovely smile.
I guarantee you that people notice things about other people—they like their clothes, or they think they're pretty, or they have kind eyes—but they don't say anything.
Point being, I'm sure people are thinking you have a great smile, even if they're not saying it :)
There's such light in your face here (not just literal light!).
God damn, your smile is pleasant.
But you have very warm and friendly eyes and I can tell by the way your post is written, an endearing and positively infectious attitude.
Your new headband is cute, as is your smile!
10/10 would chill with, Love your grin!
You have very kind eyes too, good sir.
Gosh your smile just made my evening, i'm beaming now too!
You look like a person who loves to laugh, and you also have very friendly looking eyes!
Take time to do the things you love when you can, and surround yourself with people who love you and support you, the more you expose yourself to those happy feelings and warmness, the better able you are to carry that happiness with you.
i hope something happens to you today/tomorrow that really makes you smile :) take care
your smile is making me smile– it's contagious!!
You have an earnest quality to you, a totes adorbz smile as well :) Hopefully they offer that class next semester, take it if you can.
I took Calculus my senor year in High School, I understand the struggles and the frustrations you face.
your smile is literally radiating joy through my screen.
what you're doing right now for yourself and your future is way more than what most people can handle – and that's something to feel proud of... but remember to take it easy &amp; take care of yourself &amp; your happiness.
You really look happy in this picture, your smile is just adorable, it's making me beam like a fool right now.
You smile with your eyes too, such a lovely quality.
You have such a charming smile and a professional look about you :)
You seem like a friendly, gentle man, with an envy inspiring head of hair.
I can't tell if your skin has makeup on it, so either you're really fantastic at makeup or your skin is literally perfection incarnate.
You have one of those smiles that lights up your whole face, and I feel like it would light up a room too.
You have a beautiful smile!
That aside, you are beautiful and I love the shape of your eyes.
I was riding my bike earlier today and this dude had a smile that just MADE me smile, you have the exact same type and that's awesome!
Your headband is purrrfect along with your eyes!
Also, you have the most beautiful glowing skin and bright smile!
The treasure I see comes not from your beautiful face, but the wisdom and kindness that resonates brightly from your soft eyes.
That's some great hair man, you make me feel like I need to tidy up haha
You have an amazing smile.
As I was scrolling through this sub, your smile legit made me smile and I just had to comment!
I believe in your math and your charming face my friend.
Your hair is incredible.
You have a really nice thick beard that I bet a lot of guys would love to have.
You also have amazing eyebrows and very pretty eyes.
You are officially a bad-ass lady.
Your hair is straight fire.
Your eyes are beautiful too.
You'd be surprised at how much of an impact you can make on somebody's day just by smiling and wish them a nice day!
Your beard and mustache look fabulously well kept and dear lord that hair!
Keep your head up mate, things will be alright.
Your hair is amazing, dude.
You must turn the ladies' heads when you walk by!
The second thing is that I’m envious of your beard.
Even supermodels have days where they feel 'too fat' or that their 'nose is too big' but just know that you are beautiful.
Your color complexion is so naturally pretty - it looks like you're wearing no makeup at all, and if you're not - wow, I'm jealous.
It will take time to get to know the faces there and become a part of the 'club' but it will happen if you go enough and open yourself up enough!
In the teeth of these stupefying odds it is you and I, in our ordinariness, that are here.We privileged few, who won the lottery of birth against all odds, how dare we whine at our inevitable return to that prior state from which the vast majority have never stirred?
Wow, your expression and your eyes make you look like a truly kind person, and it gives a gut feeling of 'this is a safe and trustworthy person.'
You have an amazing smile, and your shirt looks really great on you too.
As soon as I saw your post I immediately thought "this guy looks like he has a really good soul".
Your hair and your smile are so pretty!
This isn't the easiest thing to do, but here's another method: start your day out meditating for 5 minutes and focus on something amazing, something that makes you ecstatic to be alive, whatever fills your heart with love.
Focus on that until love is radiating from your heart.
Such gentle eyes, I feel like you really care.
You have such a cute and smart smile.
You look like you have nice eyes and I like your hair!
Your eyes and lips are magnificent!
besides that, you have a very friendly face and seem extremely kind.
Thank you for the kind words, everyone, I am glad you liked the video.
you have the prettiest smile, and such a cute nose and piercing.
Keep your chin up and focused on your goals- you can and will make it.
You have such kind beautiful eyes!
I wanna smooch the doggo snoot, and your eyes are stunning!
That hair and you're lips just struck me first, your eyes make you look so sweet and genuine.
Get back on your feet and fight for your next opportunity
I absolutely LOVE your hair.
Struggle really does make us who we are and I can tell from your clear eyes and your smile (and the fact that you are seeking encouragement) that you have what it takes to make it through this tough time and come out the end stronger, more knowledgeable and in a better position to be a successful adult.
This made me smile, your dog is adorable!
Also wow, your eyes are amazing.
Keep your chin up.
Your skin looks healthy and glowy, your glasses really fit your face, and your ringlet curls are amazing!
Just keep your head up!
I love your hair.
You look like you're really healthy and you look after yourself :) you've got a killer haircut!
I know I get self-conscious about my acne, because I think people might think I have a spotty face because I don't wash. Do you do any exercise or enjoy any sport?
Your acne isn't very bad, and your hair is dope looking.
I wish I had heard this when I was your age, butt here's some wisdom for you: Everyone dies, but not everyone lives.
Not as in go to school, get married, bust your ass for 50 years and hope for a few years of retirement.
I'm sure you hear about it all the time, but your eyes are JUST like gemstones.
Like the kind of person who'll keep you laughing nonstop.
You look like an awesome person with amazing dimples.
You make me wish I had dimples...and 🍕 Glad you got out brother!
The glasses are great, and your hair color really compliments your skin tone.
With the perfect hair and a well maintained beard, I'm sure you'll meet around lots of people a nice as you seem to be.
Your beard and hair got together amazingly well!
You're the radical kindness that motivates you to be a better person everyday.
And goodness girly, you have such gorgeous eyes!
Your beard and smile are outstanding!
You have the sweetest smile!
I am generally not in to beards, but man are you rocking it!
(Please forgive potato-English) We may all be internet strangers to each other, but you are part of an community of kindness which powers are never to be underestimated.
Your contributions on Reddit alone make you an invaluable human being and I only hope kindness, warmth, and sincerity transcends virtual boundries.
!🎉🎂 you have such a contagious smile, it's adorable.
Keep your head up friend.
Look at it this way, you're healthy, you've got some decent muscles there, (making me jealous) you *have* your parents, so you're not alone.
P.S I'm envious of your awesome beard!
You got a great beard.
Really love to see you smiling :)
If you want to be less isolated then start taking risks, but whatever you do just focus on your own happiness.
Your smile is totes adorbz.
You have very piercing eyes as well, they're awesome :)
As for the shaved head: you look badass.
The shaved head really suits you, and you are very handsome.
The beach is my favorite place in the world and your smile is one of the prettiest :)
I absolutely love your smile.
You have a beautiful smile :)
Waahh, your eyebrows are so amazing, I wish I had those!
I think your smile is remarkable.
If your personality shines as much as your smile, you sure are an amazing person.
You have a wonderful smile !
You should grow your beard out more, since you seem to have fantastic beard growth!
Your smile is beautiful!
I was feeling a little off today with life-stuff, but your smile really did make me feel better.
You totally nailed the scene with the beach and people in the background, balancing the two perspectives!
I really like your hair it looks amazing.
Your smile is beautiful!
I hope you can keep smiling too.
It's okay if you can't smile all the time, but I think it's a great look on you!
I loooove your glasses and your hair is gorgeous!
My dad used to always tell me that so long as you have a roof over your head, food in your stomach, and clothes on your back, you are in need of nothing else.
Keep looking up, friend, keep doing your best and you will get back on your feet, I just know it.
You have striking, piercing eyes, I love your 'brows too.
To deny us of your beautiful smile would be a crime, a crime I tell you!
Thank you so much for sharing such a happy smile, I'm sure it made a lot of folk's days, it made mine.
You have very kind eyes, if a little sad looking at the moment.
Keep your chin up, we're here for you.
Totally jealous of your lips!
Ahh your smile is so contagious I love it!
You honestly look like the friendliest person ever, that smile that includes your eyes, i feel like I’d instantly be at ease chatting to you, and I’d be amazing if other people didn’t feel the same!
Your smile looks like the kind me and my mate do to each other before we both burst out laughing.
If you love it, then your confidence will shine and you'll make others smile.
- Your lips look awesome - The hairstyle suits you - You remind me of the book Robb Stark from GOT.
I think you look more like his description than the author who plays him - The ring suits you, brings out the awesome shape of your nose.
As creepy as I'll sound, your nose has a really cool shape.
I agree with everyone saying you look super friendly and your smile is beautiful.
Keep spreading your happiness to other people!
Glad to a beautiful smile on your face with all you've been through.
Your face is surrounded by dark hair and clothes, and it's intriguing!
Shine on you isn't even as big as the shine in that smile!
You look the kind of person whose happiness radiates and makes others happy, and I know that because this picture cheered me up :)
Your eyes are so engaging, I feel like they're sucking me in!
Your hair is amazing!
It is nice that you are taking challenging classes because at the end of the semester, you are going to have faced those challenges and grown stronger from them.
Your hair is glorious!
The more I look at your eyes the more I'm getting lost in them.
Your skin looks super clear and your features are really nicely proportioned.
Either way though, we're all here for you and root for your success and happiness in life, please always try and remember that at least.
:) I love your hair!
You look like a totally normal dude, with a good hairstyle, and a beard that looks awesome.
Those glasses really fit your face too, the exposed bottoms are smart looking.
You have beautiful hair and eyes and look like such a nice person.
You look like a super nice guy and have a nice smile, you just need to practice, and it gets easier and less weird feeling each time.
Your hair alone is worthy of time and love.
Even while feeling your worst, it's clear you're lovely and the world will benefit when you overcome this and have reasons to smile again.
Your glasses are hot in A moody sort of way.something about your face makes me think you understand a lot of things.
I'm so sorry to hear things aren't going well :( But girl, you look absolutely amazing, that outfit is fire and you have such a beautiful smile!
You have an amazing beard and nice eyes
That gorgeous dress suits your gorgeous smile :)
You look beautiful, and what a dress!
I got lost in your eyes for a moment before I remembered what I was doing here!
You really have flawless features, gorgeous hair, time-stopping eyes, just totes adorbz overall.
You look genuinely kind my friend, quite attractive to boot!
Your hair is like a dark, beautiful forest and your eyes look like they contain the universe.
You look like a soft, strong and lovely person (inside and out) with flawless eyebrows and perfect skin.
You have such kind eyes.
Your smile can light up a room &amp; I can tell that you give off a warm and caring vibe.
Wow, you have such an open friendly face and your eyes are just so big and sparkly.
Physical appearance shouldn't be the only thing that makes you feel good about yourself, but I don't know enough about you to provide any other compliments.
Keep your chin up, it'll get easier.
Your eyes are striking, and you have such a sweet, warm face.
You can create the rules about who you are and use the system and the people in it to define what kind of life you have.
There are people who are born without fingers so already you are super human.
Those fingers will massage the back of a lover, save a life, craft something beautiful, and your fingers ask nothing in return.
Yes, they are beautiful fingers, you can text with them and express how you feel, you can draw with them, you can create.
You have a great sense of style, a full head of hair, and I bet you don't even know it but the ladies are going crazy over your rugged masculinity!
I went grey then white in elementary school, but your hair color is natural and various!
Here’s the free compliment: you look like a cool guy, and the kind of person who would casually do something selfless without expecting any thanks or recognition.
Are your fingers really that big or is that an optical illusion?
You have really nice soft renaissance painting like features and really cute curls.
You're a handsome dude, you seem really stylish, and your hands look completely normal here.
The beauty is that you actually have lots of shoulders to cry on; all these others who’ve commented here, and now me too!
And your hands are deffs hand model worthy!
Could be a great use for your hands while providing a positive thing to do on nights like this...
The lighting on your face is on point.
School is going to kick your ass everyday.
Life is going to kick your ass everyday.
If something is kicking your ass now, ask yourself if it's because you're taking too heavy of a course load?
Figuring out why you're feeling like your ass is being kicked is part of not letting your ads get kicked.
I too have giant hands and let me count on my giant fingers the compliments I have for you 1) you have great eyebrows.
5) you look like you'd have great shoulders to cry on.
You have bright, expressive eyes and smooth checks and a cute little smile :) you radiate positivity!
Can’t wait to see your face light up when you find her!
Your hair reminds me of Keanu Reeves in Bill &amp; Ted's Excellent Adventure :)
You have great bones, and look great now...and because of the great features, you're going to continue to get better looking for the next 10 years or so.
You don’t need a haircut you just need to style it a bit, not gel or wax if you don’t want to but give it a shape, otherwise you look pretty nifty and mysterious, like a skater
You have great face structure but you should either start styling your hair different or cut it
You deserve to be with someone that's going to be your partner and help you along, not try to walk all over you so that *their* feet don't touch the ground.
I love your style by the way, the goatee and your haircut make you look super sharp, btw.
It shows your personality, and highlights how clear and healthy your skin is!
Plus, I think that shirt is a good color on you because it brings out your eyes.
Cut your hair 8/10
I think if you shape/cut your hair a bit, it will do wonders for you—you have an awesome facial structure that your hair is hiding just a little bit!
You are really cut and have a nice nose shape.
You have great hair, and there's a lot of potential there.
), senior me would’ve been SO JEALOUS of your skin!
I also really like your kind, serene expression here.
Your eyes are lovely too - great color!
This is a vulnerable time in all of our lives, and don’t ever let anyone trick you into thinking they have it all figured out!
But you got this, girl 😉 Finally, you have very lovely skin, a gorgeous heart-shaped face, and the most piercing eyes 😚 But please be well.
You should try styling your hair differently though.
You look great, but I think the post you chose holding a stuffed toy of some kind may not be how you will want to be remembered in 5 or 10 years.
You dress super well, too - not many dudes out there understand the abject magnificence of the button up/sweater combo!
It shows your healthy &amp; clear skin.
You shine with happiness.
You look comfortable and confident in this picture and have a really kind look in your eyes.
Plus I like your eyebrows.
The very first thing I noticed about you was your eyes and that smile.
I don’t know what it is, but everything about your face is lovely.
Something about your nose is cute too, is that weird?
Keep your head up, someone will appreciate your beauty soon.
I noticed your eyes immediately.
You have like an aura of kindness.
I think your eyes are a big part of the reason why you have such a "kind person" look (also, you have amazing eyeliner skills).
Your freckles are the absolute cutest, not to mention that smile that seems to say "I know so many things".
You have very beautiful features and your face is symmetric.
You're an unfilmable book You're a Bond villain You're pipes leaking liquid through an ancient painted ceiling You're *nevery*one, *nevery*where You're the gulf between toothed, plastic clips and windswept hair You're downloaded panoramas of some far-flung fractal summit The Benthic depths into which gasp-hungry whales plummet What I'm trying to say here is - YOU'RE as asset You're a sabotaged political spectacle You're nuns' and vicars' gropings under cassocks in a vestibule You're our disregard for border guards While we hurl animated instruments towards the stars You're the microinstant between a pendulum's back, and forth The infrasonic source we move away from, and towards And you're legitimate, spitting rage You're kids' crucial fingers freeing birds from their owner's cage You're former promise You're mountains engorged with jungle, *blue* with distance You're omni-hued hurled paint's chaos-ordained mission You're a dog's thrill at the hunt, and the blood in it's mouth YOU'RE what counts You're a Star Baby You're *so* cool, you're *so* cool, you're *so* cool You're guys propped up in bars brandishing custom-made pool cues You're the roaring magma below, nacreous clouds colliding above You are radially-symmetrical deposits of LUV You're bells struck in rebellion, and the beauty of their pealing You're skies purpled by collapsing evenings You're Capricornian *ultra*-temperatures You're the yawning void preceding number and measure You're all the objects of all our poets' figuratively haemorrhaging hearts You're this magnificent, shuddering *Something* suffusing us with love Love!
And, best and luckiest of all for you, your eyes are precisely the same shade of not blue or grey as mine!
You have awesome freckles!
Your plan to put others in front of yourself says a lot about how big of a heart you have.
Your eyes are too beautiful for crying :)
God damn I love your hair!
You have gorgeous skin, eyes and hair :) Any guy would be lucky to hold your hand on a date.
The Moon Crest, your username and your killer blue hair makes me believe that you'd be an awesome person to run into at a festival and just talk to.
Theirs a verse that goes: "Be careful of the thought-seeds you plant in the garden of your mind For seeds grow after their kind" In other words, be very mindful of who you surround yourself with.
You have a beautiful heart, body &amp; soul.
Finally, your freckles are absolutely adorable!
The blue fade in your hair is really cool!
You’re very pretty, and your hair (especially with the blue fade) really frames you nicely.
Your hair is kickass, you have a really cute smile.
Your eyes are so pretty, and your skin is flawless.
Your eyes are so gorgeous, and I genuinely think you're pretty.
You have quite literally the most incredible eyes I have ever seen and you're eyebrows are perfect!
I LOVE your hair!
I'm also jealous of your freckles.
You're beautiful, I love your eyes, your nose is SO CUTE!
And your hair is amazing.
not only are you amazingly good looking, but you seem to radiate kindness, as kuukkuuk said.
You look like someone that people come to for a trustworthy ear, a confidante even.
You have a beautiful smile, and I dig your unicorn hair!
It will take ya a few mins of your time but it helps me whenever I am down" "PUT OUT your hands palms facing up, look at your right, look at all the lines your fingerprints everything all the details look that over and look at your front part of your head.
Look at you left hand do the same thing yourself sometime take a good look at them.. Did you know those two hands was it the only fingerprints in this world at this precise moment it has your fingerprints your lines your unique you're, whatever you believe in God, Buddha, the Flying Spaghetti Monster, whoever put us on this planet creatated us all to be us to be humans wherever you go wherever you go you are the only person in this planet that has those two hands those fingerprints....
I absolutely love your hair!
Also love your freckles and eyes!
With a face and hair like that, I have very little pity for you haha.
Your eyes are amazing- Very pretty, and paired with your facial hair and head hair, have an awesome look going on!
Your hair, eyes and grin omfg You look so cheery good sir!
I am highly confident you have this in hand my friend.
But the great thing is that it's only the beginning and no one expects you to have it all figured out yet.
It’ll give you time to figure yourself out and build a strong personal foundation upon which to build future relationships.
That’s a hair style not many pull off, but you pull it off.
And you have so much time to figure out your life and how to reach your goals.
Your eyes are absolutely stunning.
I also love your smile.
Not about relationships anymore, but other life stuff... just take it a day at a time and right now try to have as much fun as you can - it's really the only thing you can do and you look like you've got a bit of mischief and fun in you (must be the gorgeous eyes!).
Just stop seeking and let your personality do the rest
You're only 20, which means that you've got plenty of time to figure things out and you will too.
Just keep your chin up and keep that smile shining!
But be sure to hold onto the happiness that you already have, because I'm willing to bet that energy's coming from somewhere :P
Hot damn, gj, your eyes and hair are to die for.
Your eyes and your face seem very comforting to me - you’ve got a very gentle and caring aura about you.
PM me later if you maybe want to talk about what's happening in your life, I'm all ears seriously :) So for now I'll leave you with the few things I try to tell myself every day.
You will make it out of the darkness, just keep your head down and you'll feel better before you know it!
And on a slightly less intense note, your hair looks amazing!
It suits you really well and I'm willing to bet it turns a few heads.
You remind me quite a bit of Emma Watson from the neck up.
your hair looks fuckin awesome bro, and you can grow a better beard than I can.
Lovely mix of shades in your hair.
There's an attractive tenderness to your eyes - not to be confused with the painful tenderness that's there now - just that it seems you've got an understanding/caring look in there.
Plus, you're beautiful and you might not even realize how the world is at your feet waiting for your next move.
You're gorgeous, you have very deep eyes and your piercing is very charming and elegant imo.
You don't need to flaunt your body to be accepted.
All it takes is a smile and people will be craving you as a friend.
You have luscious hair, gorgeous eyes, fantastic complexion.
Perhaps put on some white noise or some kind of sounscape that makes you comfortable.
Just get in a comfortable upright position and extend your arms and rest them on your knees as if you're making "completed circuit" with your body.
Your energy will be able to flow all through your body.
I love your eyebrows and hair.
Do not listen to anyone who is mean to you about your appearance because good lord you are a **goddess** among humans.
Your hair is luscious and your smile melts my heart.
You don't need to flaunt your body OP.
Your face is beautiful.
And your eyes are beautiful &lt;3
You don't need to reveal your body on the Internet to make yourself feel like you have worth.
I love your nose!
I'm a woman so I don't want you think I'm being a creeper, but my God do you have a beautiful body.
You look so womanly, I'd kill for your boobs and also your hair.
Your eyes are really mesmerising, they're such a gorgeous stormy grey-blue!
I know it can come off as pushy when people tell you to smile more, but please know I am coming from a place of kindness when I say that.
Your glasses fit your face perfectly, your hair is perfectly styled/tousled (it's my favourite look on guys) plus it looks thick and healthy, and this might sound weird but you also have a really nice face shape, haha.
You've got nothing to be ashamed of, and a smile would just complete your look :)
You're lovely, your teeth are flawless!
I definitely agree with the other commenter about your eyes, wow!
From what I can tell, your place looks super cozy, a nice spot to curl up with a glass of wine and read a book.
Your eyes are sparkly and your smile is lovely.
You have enviable hair my man, nice strong jaw and chin, very symmetrical face.
Your smile is contagious!
You have among the most amazing eyes I've ever seen, they're literally mystical, wow!
Love your hair in that picture as well!
To counter some other comments, if you want to show your body, do it!
It sounds like these are things that are at least partially out of your hands.
Even though it might not feel like this, I see in your eyes that you won't let this keep you down
That hair, your features, even your glasses look cool.
I also like your eyes!
:) Like, your smile is so gorgeous!
Please know that your smile brought me happiness this evening, thank you.
You look like a handsome guy to me, you really have nice eyes and you're hair is also awesome, so you don't need to worry about your looks.
Also your hair is awesome the colors compliment eachother perfectly.
I read somewhere that when you smile it tricks your brain into thinking it's supposed to release the good feeling hormones or something.
You are good looking and your hair is beautiful.
You probably get a lot of compliments on it but your beard is killer!!!!!!
You also have really nice skin too!
You have perfect man eyebrows by the way
I can't really see areas where weight could be an issue, but that's an adorable, and dare I say perfect, shape on your face.
Your face looks like it’s straight out of a Disney movie.
I’d do **things** for your eyebrows.
Also - what i think is one of the greatest thing about weightloss - your legs become thinner so you have to shave less!
You have a friendly face and a warm smile and I'm willing to bet you're a wonderful person.
Them eyes and that smile, you look like a pixie.
As someone who struggles with hair growth to, I understand your pain.
You have one of those manly-man smiles.
Assume friendship when you approach people (like the ladies :P ) , you have a very kind face and people would be down to chill with you.
Even if you don't feel any smaller, your health is far more important than personal appearance (and I don't mean anything by this; you look great!)
Be proud of your accomplishment, not everyone has the willpower for your kind of journey!
I like subtle coloring in your hair.
And your hair too.
I love your hair as well.
Keep smiling because you have a great one😊
Keep your chin up!
Keep your chin up!
Also, your eyes are beautiful - I've always loved that shade of brown.
I feel you on wanting to drink and party... escaping is so much easier than facing the long road ahead.
But, as you know, you can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.
You look like a really friendly guy, you have very sweet and gentle eyes 😊
You have a contagious smile and a great beard!
I had fun and I liked your new friend you brought, what a sense of humor!"
I love your jolly smile, you look so friendly!
You seem like the kind of guy I would sincerely enjoy listening to.
You have a great story going on with that smile!
You sincerely made my day with your smile and I'm sure it will make others' days too.
I love your smile!
Your smile is very warm and genuine.
You just ooze kindness and sincerity.
Your smile is very contagious, I hope you share it with many new people.
Sounds like your boss is kind of an asshole if they publicly shamed you instead of discussing it privately.
You look like you could easily get people to smile.
You also have a super rad beard (:
You have kind eyes :)
Your eyes are also quite charming!
Your smile makes me happy
Your smile exudes confidence and authenticity, that promotion is all yours!
You look great, a smile that cheers up everyone who sees it.
I love your hair.
Your beard game is on point.
You cheered me up :) would love to see such smile everyday.
Definitely off to a great start 😊 Your smile is especially contagious
Your smile, your eyes, THAT beard!
Oh my God your smile just made me smile.
You seem like a really chill and kind dude, which only makes the people who are against you seem worse in comparison.
I think everyone here's pretty on point about your smile.
Please keep your head up and thanks so much for sharing this picture!
You look like the kind of guy that would casually come over to help me and have exactly what I need when I'm in significant distress and then bolt before I could give you money
Omgosh your eyes are so lovely!
and as a fellow curly Q i love your hair!
Though your forced smile is super nice I hope that all these kind peoples complements makes you realize that you are handsome and something crappy like having scoliosis (which is totally not your fault) does not change that!
Your beard has been my goal for a solid 7 years now, since I was 21.
You have one of the most friendly faces iv'e ever seen.
And you have (as my dad says) a million dollar million watt smile.
And you have at least one skill...Seeing your smile made my day a little bit brighter!
The first thing that struck me when seeing your picture is that you have really kind eyes.
I believe you can be strong enough, at least judging by your smile, which is warm and full of promise.
And my god, do your eyes glisten!
Your teeth are fantastic.
How can you not love yourself with a smile like that!
Genuinely, you capture happiness so well with your smile and it's infectious.
Also I love what you've done with your hair!
I bet when you smile at people they can't help but smile back.
It would never occur to me that someone with your smile could struggle with self doubt and anxiety
Firstly, your eyebrows are PERFECT.
You have a very lovely smile, and I really dig your style- it's super cool.
You eyes are so clear, like on a baby!
Your smile made me smile :D After I read that stuff about people wanting to ruin it for this sub, I decided to go and comment on some posts before going to bed.
I love your smile, you have great hair, great eyes.
Your smile is stunning, I bet you're that girl that always turns up looking effortlessly fantastic and the rest of us are secretly jealous of 😊 Over time it will get easier.
Your eyes are incredibly pretty!
And I love your hair!!!
Oh my god, you have the sweetest, brightest eyes on the planet... :O
Also, your hair is awesome.
hi logan i’m cara and your hair looks really soft!!
On the other hand, it's good that you can still moderate and be in the fantastic community you created.
I am 100% sure you and the other kind folks here have saved lives; a power those scummy shoe dregs that got you shadowbanned will never come close to.
Your eyebrows are on.
You did a lot of good and put a lot of smiles faces!
well first of all you have really beautiful eyes!,,,, heck you are beautiful!
You have a super happy face.
Everyone gets behind now and again gorgeous, what matters is how well your taking it and how your still trucking through 😃 your an amazing person and will bring smiles across the globe for years to come!
It's sad to see this kind of shit happening, but I wish you to live what you want, to do what you believe, to enjoy your life in whatever way you like.
Even with the circumstances that you face now, it won't last forever.
I love your makeup, you did it really well.
Your hair, your eyes, your smile.
Your eyes are beyond gorgeous.
Try your best to not put your self-worth In other peoples hands that much.
Keep your head up !
Keep battling and keep your lovely eyes no matter what anybody offers you for them.
Whatever it is you want (hard enough to figure out, ha) there are surely steps you can take.
Your hair style is very cute and works with the shape of your face really well.
It draws a lot more attention to the best parts of your face, which, in my opinion, is all of it!
Just from this picture, i can tell you seem like a pretty fun and good-energied kind of guy.
You're hairstyle's pretty cool, that and your jawline make you look like a pretty smooth dude.
You have very pretty eyes, nice hair, and a very good jawline.
You have a fantastic jawline, and I love the color of your hair.
You have cute hair and nice eyes.
There is something very warm to your appearance.
Wish you and your girl all the happiness in the world.
No need to worry about any part of your body ;)
You are the kind of person I look at and immediately think, "I like you".
You have such a beautiful smile, now I am smiling!
And hey...even if you don't feel like smiling somedays, thats okay too.
Keep your head up, you've made it this far, finish strong.
You look/sound like the determined type, I'm sure you'll pull through :) Btw love the hairstyle, and you really rock those glasses (not a lotta people can say that; I would know).
I can't manage to do much more than scratchy patchy but you've cultivated an awesome frame for your face!
(You have some seriously intensely expressive eyes my man, I bet you make people feel really special when you're talking to them.)
Holy heck my man, not one to say this to a lot of people but you're definitely attractive, idk how you used to look but it seems like your weight loss progress is going good!!
Also, you don't have that much weight to lose.
You look like a sharp guy and you rock the combed hair.
The same applies to your dating life, the right person is out there for you and in time you'll cross paths - Whoever they are will be VERY lucky as you are really attractive and definitely the kind of guy I'd go for if I were single!
Hope that things work out for you, and at the very least you look like a cool ass dude!
Your hair is such a nice colour!!
I love your hair and your freckles :) you're really cute haha
You have such kind eyes and beautiful facial features.
Your smile is amazing and don't ever stop smiling!
What a beautiful photo and you too are both so beautiful, your smiles match and you are both photogenic :)
I love your hair and you're such a natural beauty!
Losing your hair is not a bad thing brother.
You have beautiful hair and a kind expression that makes me want to take a moment and just sit down and talk to you, because you seem very nice and I imagine would be a fantastic person to just sit and chit chat with.
You have a lovely face.
Your eyes have a hint of mischief to them, totally diggin' it.
You look like the kind of person whose shoulder people can cry on and like a comforting presence in general.
I also love your hair, the purple underneath is gorgeous, yet subtle.
OMG your eyes 😍 Without sounding too creepy I think you’re gorgeous.
Give your mind a little time to adjust, and if it takes a while to adjust, your hair might be back by then, ha.
Your hair is lovely!
Your hair has so much volume and bounce!
Get that thought of your head it's just a little anomaly.
I know there's guys out there who use product to get the same effect your hair does naturally.
For one, your hair is absolutely amazing looking.
You have such an impish and sexy smile, and those cheeks just bring that look all together.
You are so very attractive and could very well pull off a potato sack dress with a smile like that.
I think you look very pretty and your eyes are mesmerising.
Your hair is AWESOME!!!
Great smile, cool piercing you look like a fun person to be around
Your smile made my day!
And remember, even if you don't grow to like it, hair grows back out.
A hair cut you don't like wont last forever, Enjoy your Saturday &amp; take care.
Your hair looks amazing!
Your hair looks amazing!
But the smile you have here, is just the best.
Your smile is contagious!
I love your hair, it looks fantabulous.
I love your hair
Seriously I bet you have a big amazing smile that just lights up the place.
I'm sorry you're feeling down, if you feel like talking about it I'm all ears.
It definitely says something when, despite your hair being such a beautiful deep blue, your eyes and smile stood out to me the most.
Hope you have a wonderful day and inspire some people with that smile
You look like a living doll, your skin is so beautiful and perfect, and those eyes!
You have pretty eyes and skin nothing to feel bad about I'm sorry you feel that way
If you ever need someone to talk to, I, and I'm sure everyone else here, would be more than willing to give you an ear.
Try to keep your head up!
You look like such a loving person and your eyes are so kind.
You have nice hair and eyes.
Your eyes/brows and beard are amazing.
Your eyes are lovely and I love the tattoo, you're worth so much.
I need a compass or Google maps when I look into your eyes, I get so lost.
Your eyes are pretty and your short hair makes you look beautiful
😊 You look like an amazing, intelligent, loyal man, and I agree that your beard does indeed look amazing, although I’m sure you look great without it too, your hair and eyes are awesome!
Keep breathing, do some kindness for yourself, and feel free to PM if you want to chat.
You look sweet and gorgeous, and I love the purple hair!!
You have a face that is the epitome of "Friendly".
You have a warm smile and I have a feeling that someday you'll be surrounded by a bunch of friends at a dinner or a party or something and those times when you didn't feel like anyone cared about you will be a thousand miles away.
Your eyes are absolutely stunning, such beautiful colors!
Your eyes are so pretty!
And that empathy, combined with those REALLY PRETTY eyes, are going to keep you surrounded with good, caring people who are willing to support you through the hard times in the future.
Your hair is no nice and looks so effortless that I am really jealous of your style.
You also have piercing and intense eyes.
Your makeup is perfect, can you teach me?
Your hair is super awesome and gives you a unique edge to your style.
Other commenters have mentioned this already but your eyes are so pretty!
Some beautiful eyes you got there!
Usually when people say mean things about your physically appearance, it means they're the ones who are insecure.
Your eyes are gorgeous and I love your hair:)
You have gorgeous eyes!
And I wish I could curl my hair as well as you lol
You have a beautiful face with such kind eyes.
The only real problem with this picture is that someone as beautiful as you isn't smiling.
The world is a cruel and horrible place at times but you, you're different, you can get through these things and have the happiness you deserve.
But seriously you have absolutely beautiful eyes, flawless skin, magnificent brown hair (I loooooovvveeeeee brown hair) and just a perfectly cute smile.
When you walk alone, on your path, it isn't because people left you ... they just can't follow you where you are headed.
Your hair especially is flawless.
You have really beautiful brown eyes!
I with you peace of mind and security in your appearance!
your face looks absolutely radiant, no imperfections at all.
Also, you are gorgeous and I absolutely love your soft dreams eyes
Keep smiling, you deserve the best love.
I'm So jealous of you eyes and eyebrows... you're a radiant girl.
I wish you the best of luck with working through the stressful times but I just have to say.... you are stunning.. in the "Oh my god if I met someone who looked like you I'd be a nervous wreck" kind of way!
While yes, it is all but impossible to ignore your stunning eyes.
I have to say I find the shape of your mouth perfect.
Your lips are amazing.
I can see the care in your eyes, and that tells me that you are a kind &amp; sweet person riding a rough patch.
You have beautiful eyes, like a movie star.
I dig your eyebrows.
Your hair reminds me of Gene Wilder.
They say that the more energy you expend, the more your body produces.
you look like you're a lot of fun to hang out with once you get to know someone, and i like the wildness in your hair 😌 the facial hair and messy hair work for you.
It really shows through your gorgeous eyes!
If I had one bit of advice (and I’m assuming a bit here), I would suggest you lay off the face edits/photo buffing.
It’s so much more attractive to just own your face despite any mild imperfections that exist.
I think the ladies at makeupaddiction would have a field day talking about how great your brows are!
You're very handsome, and you have beautiful eyes.
You have such full lips and a beautiful hair color.
Perfectly symmetrical faces are less interesting ;) Take care of yourself, and please don't be with someone who doesn't appreciate you
Think about this bro, very very few people on this planet will have your smile which will make you stand out.
It will be super obvious when you smile.
Your new hair cut is making you look very suave and sophisticated!
Just waiting for that switch to flip so i can be kick ass like you again!
The hair matched with the white collared shirt makes you kinda look like one of those hot professor types lol
Your eyes speak volumes, insanely beautiful, if you want to talk, I'm here!
Don’t let people keep your heart when they don’t take care of it.
You still have a wonderful smile.
For real you still look better smiling than me haha.
Anyways keep your head up dude, she s/o wasn't worth your time :)
Dad bods will never be a crisis but you look amazing dad bod or not plus I am loving the beard!
Dump the girlfriend, give your smile to someone who deserves it.
Your hair is on fleek
You have the cutest dimple when you smile and if your s/o hasn't learned from past mistakes ..they don't need to be in your life anymore.
Man, you don’t need that sort of trouble you are an awesome guy with a warming smile.
I hope someday you find a way out and find someone who will love your smile :)
You look like a warm, kind guy and I think your smile shows it, so please, don’t stay with someone who doesn’t treat you the way you want to be treated.
Your future is bright &amp; the good news is, which you know already is that your face will heal itself.
Be the kind of person you want to attract: happy, stable, motivated, whatever.
You can do it, I can tell from your smile.
Your eyes pierce right through my defences.
Makes me feel like you can see right to my heart.
The way your mouth slightly opens in a relaxed way is so cute.
You have a great smile and I'm jealous of those dimples!
You deserve someone that will pick you up, make you appreciate that new sweet smile - I’m trying not to idealize it because I know it came from illness, but I still find it so charming - and make you feel valuable as you deal with this diagnosis, because you ARE valuable.
It's like this: I couldn't tell you most of the specifics of the way my boyfriend smiles, but I can tell you the way it makes my heart swell and the way it makes his left eye crinkle.
You have such beautiful eyes.
You have the best BEST quirky, cute smile that makes me want to hang out with you.
I'll start by saying that your rainbow hair is amazing!
Your hair looks really cool, the ends are probably my favourite shade of blue
I love your eyes!!
All I can say is that I think you have really lovely skin, it's peachy and you remind me so much of Snow White with your rosy lips and cute dark hair.
And your eyes are absolutely enigmatic, they are so big and dark and wonderful.
But either way, looks aren't everything, you seem to have a lovely soul and deep inquisitive eyes.
In the teeth of these stupefying odds it is you and I, in our ordinariness, that are here.
Your eyes are beautiful and your eyebrows are perfect!
Your hair is fantastic!
Your skin also looks very good.
You have cra' curly hair.😀 There's women who wake up early to try to create, yours is natural.
What I can deduce from the photo is that you have a beautiful glow about you and have a gorgeous complexion.
I'm really sorry you're going through all that, especially seeing as you look like such a nice and sweet person, you have a very kind and pretty smile and incredibly cute eyes.
You seem very sincere and have an amazing smile so I wish only the best for you and I hope you see this as an opportunity for a fresh start.
Your hair is awesome!
You are beautiful, and I wish I had your hair, it's amazing!
I'm jealous of your hair and I'm not even a guy!
Your eye makeup complements your hair so well!
You look really cute and nice, I like your hair!
Keep your chin up.
Your hair game is so on point :D Envious.
How do you do your eyebrows?
Yes you have to be attracted physically to each other but for women, if that is your thing, you really need to sweep them off their feet with a strong personality and ambition.
You’re stunning, your eyes are sucking me in!
I hope you can find it in you to exercise that smile - feel free to come back for another pick-me-up!
You are gorgeous and have these nice soft and welcoming eyes.
We feel it in our bones, and have to inform ya For sure your life will fall back into order Everyone here is wildly rooting for the pitch and yaw of your steadfast beauty Breaths taken back at that worldly stare You look like Snow White but with curly hair - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Take care of you, despite the blues.
Know that you're worth it - happiness, peace, you deserve it.
You’re absolutely beautiful wow.. very attractive woman :) If you’re worried about your weight, don’t stress too much!
your hair truly beautiful, crazing round your neck someone left you!?
what the heck your eyes, stunning, soft and bright your smile, a window to show off your light.
lets follow the window down to your inner beauty from your previous posts, even your personalities a cutie your interest shine out and every now and then you show your hobbies, stardew valley, shippuden I hope you feel batter, you are amazing and kind.
I like your hair how its messy, but neat a contradiction sure, but it helps set the beat your glasses match your face, and your eyes are cool too the color is dark brown, a strong but soft hue your jumper is nice, as are your sweats so why does your face look like you fret?
you have awesome hair I like the color a lot and the coat is sweet,what's that?
You will be ok. Keep your eyes on the prize.
Keep your head up!
You have great eyes and I really love that coat/robe/whatever it is!
The love of your life didn't leave you; on the contrary, you let love into your heart by seeking healing for yourself.
That facial hair fits you well, and I like your beanie
I like your red hair, you pull it off really well
I like your hair, you look like a very nice and warm person, also cute eyes
With that one action, you’ve shown just how much balls you have to face it.
Well, get that shit out of your head; dude, she left because she’s a coward.
If I’m being honest, I don’t think you will because if you’re strong enough to admit you need help, you’ll kick this depression’s ass.
You have this in hand, my beautiful friend.
Man that is fantastic, not that she left you, but that you pulled yourself together, got the willpower to change yourself, it is a huge step, and even tho you might not have a girl holding your hands, hopefully soon enough you'll have *the* girl holding your hand, whether it'd be laying in bed or taking the day by the balls champ'!
You give off such kind, cute, and genuine vibes.
You hair reminds me of autumn leaves, really beautiful.
The world is a weird place and every now and then it needs to keep you on your feet.
Not to mention your smile shines brighter than the sun!
You look like someone who can handle themself in the most stressful situations, own those college applications like you own that smile!
Your enemy is strong, stronger than anything I have faced.
You have such a cute, quirky smile and sweet, friendly eyes!
I want your eyebrows and eyes haha
Your eyes are enchanting.
Even with the bright (and awesome) red hair, I'm immediately drawn to your eyes.
(For reference we're both video game nerds) He said that "When you have a problem like this, every day is like playing a game and the problem is an enemy you have to face often the first one."
Your hair frames your face flawlessly, and your eyes shine.
You have stunning smile and it lights up your whole face!
Try your hardest to keep smiling.
Finding that strength and independence to keep going for your own sake and happiness will give you a real confidence boost.
Also you're cute as hell and I'm absolutely mesmerized by your eyes lol.
How can you hate such a lovely smile?!?
I would never be able to tell things are rough with u right now, because there is such a brightness in your eyes (which are a gorgeous colour btw, always wanted brown eyes!)
I'm proud of you for smiling through the pain, I know how truly difficult that is.
I like your smile.
Your smile brought tears to my eyes, thank you so much for sharing.
That necklace is killer and your eyes are breathtaking.
Even if neither of those things featured in this picture, I'd still be telling you that things will get better and that you deserve happiness.
Nope, your smile is beautiful and I hope you learn to accept it for a fact!
The happiness and earnestness that shines through your expression here fills me with good feelings.
Your hair color is so awesome!
You have a terrific smile.
Your smile made me smile!
I smiled when I saw your smile!
your smile is so friendly and approachable!
I love your smile.
Your hair reminds me so much of Jean Gray (X-men)!
I see her kindness in your smile.
I hope you can learn to love your smile because it seriously looks good on you.
My eye was immediately drawn to your nails.
I love how your eyes crinkle!
I really like your eyebrows!
You definitely is a gorgeous looking lass and omg that smile is soooo beaultiful.
You gave her love, happiness, warmth, and comfort.
Personally im thinking you should unleash that smile good and proper, your cheating the world by holding it back friend.
Go share that cheeky grin out and about, i think the results might give you a change in perspective.
You have great features and look very kind, so I’m sure you’re personality is amazing too!
And your dress fits you and just defines you so well!
You should totally show some eyes next time.
Your glasses, your smile, hair and even the dress, it all looks perfect.
You may have rough weeks, but that sweet smile of yours can cheer anyone up
Don’t ever be ashamed of yourself if you know in your heart that you put in everything you could.
You know, some guys undergo surgery to get a strong, masculine chin like yours.
Life handed you a pile of coal, buckle down and turn that shit into diamonds!
Your smile looks so easy and beautiful for a rough week; I don't have the brain power to imagine it on a good week.
I love how your eyes smile, you look so cute and I’m sorry you’re dealing with insecurities :( it can be rough but just know you are really beautiful!
Feeling some severe jealousy about your hair
Your eyes and smile just light up everything!
And if you are, we'll weight can be changed up and down pretty easily.
That blonde shade is gorgeous and looks great with your grey eyes!
You look like a real kind guy man, with nice ass eyebrows.
You have a great smile that lights up your eyes and face and I bet it is infectious.
You’re the star of your own movie, and every good movie has to have some conflict and challenges for the hero to face.
But all those problems you face, that just makes the ending so much sweeter.
I love your hair!
And the color brings out your eyes and amazing complexion!
You have the perfect jawline for short hair tbh.
It’s the angle of the face that really sets the look off and you nailed it.
And your eyes look too beautiful.
Your face isn't a mask, Don't cover it...
Actually, your bone structure in general is lovely- I love your chin and jawline.
And those beautiful eyes... And you know what?
Your eyes are perfection.
Keep your head held high, my dude.
You are just stunningly pretty, and your smile is infectious.
Your smile is just radiating in this picture.
And your eyes totally pop with your short hair.
I think they frame your face well.
Your hair looks really nice :)
I have always thought short hair looked good on women and it looks good on you too.
You could make them shorter, or you could add layers to the rest of your hair... there are so many options!
 I think they frame your face really nicely!
It suits your face well, nice cut.
Your bangs are awesome and like others have mentioned you have adorable dimples :) Also based solely on this picture you look like a nice person which is an added bonus.
I also think you have super pretty eyes and you remind me of Rose Byrne.
Chin up, you are killing it.
Because of your delicate "fairy" face shape, short hair is perfect on you.
You have the sweetest smile!
Your bangs really do suit your face, as does your hair.
It frames your face nicely.
Your eyes are beautiful, I'm a sucker for brown eyes!
I absolutely love your doe eyes, your hair looks wonderful with your face shape and cute smile.
Good call on the length, the make your eyes POP!
So many people can't have bangs and look good, but yours are fantastic and frame your face so well.
your hair looks great that short!
i'm really sorry about your foot, but i hope your recovery time is short &lt;3
If anyone asks about your amazing hair, tell them it's a CDO thing.
your smile is adorable and those dimples kill me
Your beard is epic, dude.
Until then, I'll just say you look like a fine young man who just needs to figure out what he wants and get to working towards that.
Keep your chin up and smile, because you sure have a wonderful one.
Handsome and a great smile, yeah, your confidence will be back in no time.
You have an excellently shaped head!
Ok now I’m I guy and not gay and I can even say you got a nice ass face.
Breakup can be very difficult and soul draining, so I hope you have someone to talk to when you feel down or please reach out to any of us.
Life isn't easy, but with such a magnificient beard you will surely overcome those bad times!
I wish you a good and speedy recovery from your foot surgery!
Don't let other people bring your happiness down.
I love your smirky smile.
that means you could gimme that smile and get away with juuuust about anything.
You can tell a lot about a guy from his beard, and you look like my kind of friend, friend!
Divorce becomes the best part of a marriage if you ask Louis CK too, look it up on Youtube for some divorce humor!
Your hair and eyes are the cutest!
If you have the patience to grow and maintain that beard, you've got the patience to get through this trying time!
Keep your head up.
You’re hair actually looks amazing that way, I’m scared to see you with hair now because I bet you’re absolutely stunning.
As a fellow lady with a shaved head, I compliment you on your choice.
Hey dog I like the way your beard is naturally two different colors, keep rockin it
You have very youthful hair.
You have a great smile!
I'm glad to see your proud smile, you should be proud.
Hope your foot heels soon (pun intended).
You have a wonderfully pretty face, I don't doubt you got scooped up quickly and what a lucky guy!
With a beautiful smile like that, I would be extremely surprised if you didn't find a boyfriend.
And I have to tell you, your smile is proof.
Who cares what hairstyle you have with a face like that :) you are adorable!
Channel that addictive personality into something useful, find your passion in life now while you are young and you will go so far :)
So glad to hear you are figuring life out.
I see that twinkle in your eye!
I wish you &amp; your family nothing but peace, happiness &amp; prosperity going forward.
And your eye makeup is fabulous.
Wow that made me smile😊 You go girl!!
Also you have a really nice smile.
Wishing you the happiness you deserve!
You emanate both strength and beauty--and you're kicking ass!
You look like those kinds of people that greet you with a smile and makes anyones shitty day a bit better.
I bet you have the most, gigantic, warm heart anyone could have.
You have beautiful eyes and I love your flannel!
And you have great hair :).
You have the delightfully smug smile of a women who found herself.
Also, this is random AF but you have the nose shape of my dreams... like goddamn, I love the shape of your nose.
(And I'm jealous of your beard, too.)
You have the face of a strong woman who can deal with anything.
You have beautiful eyes and a mischievous smile that let's me know that your boyfriend is a lucky man.
I think that you look great with short hair.
Sorry about the foot surgery, I hope your recovery is swift!
I'm sure your eyes and that cheeky smile could light up a room, no surprise it caught your boyfriend's eye (: you're strong both mentally and physically and I hope you never stop getting stronger
You will find happiness and things will get better.
Your eyes look like mine!
If you feel like you have no use for your life, find an organization that could use an extra set of hands and let them make use of it.
Fill your heart with love by trying something different that you think you'll enjoy just for yourself &amp; pretty soon your brain will be telling you how beautiful life is!
You're stronger, more important and loved more than you realize :) Literally no one in the world has walked in your shoes and had to overcome the exact same things that you have.
If you ever need anyone to talk to or someone to lend an ear, I'm glad to lend :D
You are working on bringing positivity into your life everyday, and that is an amazing way to find happiness!
Oh god, your hair looks great, and your eyes are so beautiful I could just get lost in them and I would never want to go back!
 I love how your eye and hair color contrast and compliment each other.
It's how you face the problem.
When they swing towards happiness, it will equally swing towards sadness, but by experiencing both will make you a well-rounded and emotionally mature individual.
Oh my god your hair is gorgeous 😍😍😍 Just a perfect swoop that shot could have come out of a hair salon know what I'm sayin.
Your eyes are so beautiful!
I vant to bite your hands.
So I end it with - Tan, kick ass, take names, and don’t forget who you are outside of academia!
If you do poorly, we’ll work together to figure out how to do better.
There’s such a huge difference when you smile, you’re handsome and stylish without but gorgeous and truly attractive with it!
There is so much good stuff left to do in your life, especially with a face like that, whether you’re dating someone or not.
Just keep your head up and try to stay calm when you’re taking the exam.
I've read somewhere that clothes make the man, but in your case you definitely rock that jacket.
You have an awesome smile!
I hope you've had a nice Sunday and get many more reasons to smile more :) Like the music you like.
You look like the kind of guy that never has anything bad to say about anyone.
You will know you kick ass
Life is way too short, rock the jacket you look dope.
Like everyone else has said: you can definitely wear that jacket.
Really like your eyes/brows and I imagine your hair being springy and fun.
Thank you everyone for the encouragements/feedbacks about rockin this leather jacket.
You want the jacket?
You wear the jacket!
You look like someone I could trust, but the jacket gives just a hint of bad boy too.
I really like your jacket and glasses.
I'm gonna say you need a smaller, fitter jacket.
Where did you get the jacket?
Love the jacket, you’re good looking, and I hope your goals help make the world a better place.
As an advice, you can choose a smaller one, the shoulder seam must be right up on your shoulder, you'll look even better!
I like your square-built handsome face.
I usually don't comment on someone's body, but you have the perfect figure.
Good luck on making friends as an adult(if you figure out a trick lmk please)
Just keep that beautiful smile on your face and try to think positively.
Your hair looks fantastic, you have beautiful skin and features, I like your style, and you look fit and healthy.
It looks like you need a little more karma before the AutoMod lets you post, but keep kicking ass!
Your hair isn't a natural color, but it's not abnormal to color it, you're just brave and pulling it off wonderfully, might I add.
But I was told a while ago, "life throws just enough at you, not too little to let you slack off, not too much to throw you off, just enough to keep you on your feet."
Everyone has bad days, the best thing about them is you have a frame of reference for when things improve.
Keep your head held high and a smile on your face.
I bet you have a wonderful smile, why not share it with us!
Take care and keep your chin up 💙
You have really nice eyebrows.
They frame your face in a handsome way.
You also have nice skin, and a strong jawline.
And happiness finds you when you least expect it.
I love your freckles and eye color!
not sure what they're talking about, your eye color is fantastic and yourh air is great
But, judging by the last pic you posted, you have very feminine eyes.
You got a strong chin line dude.
You look super-cool and have a great face!
Depression and anxiety are rough roommates in your head, I understand.
Striking face, just a bit sad looking, but that's understandable considering the stuff you are going through.
And you have really pretty hair.
I mean I assume that's what you do, based on this photo... wait, wait - actually I'm seeing more creativity and need for expression - jazz singer.... wait, wait - a bit more additude than that - punk rock vocalist... wait, wait more compassion - counsellor... wait, wait - more active - charity work... wait, wait - that much grace - classical dancer... wait, wait... Look, there's a lot to see in your face.
But it's all there in your face - you're capable of that and so much more.
When you think you're done remember you got a bunch of people here rooting for you and wishing you all the happiness you deserve and will get!
I hope you can find peace and happiness in this world of chaos.
Keep your head up brother and soldier on.
Keep your head up high and smile, I bet yours is contagious!
Hard to see the full picture with the angle, but I think your hair is fantastic.
You also have a cute nose.
Go out and smile at a stranger and see how you brighten up their day.
Being that you're a married woman, I won't go on too much about your appearance, except that you have "WonderWoman" eyes.
You have a beautiful smile and excellent bone structure :)
I know many women who would literally kill someone for your hair and cheekbones.
I love your smile, your hair is awesome!
your eyes are gorgeous and you look positively friendly.
You're pretty and I like your hair color.
Oh I love your smile!
Girl I LOVE your hair.
You have a very beautiful smile!
I love your smile!
Plus, your hair is so lovely!
Your eyes are so beautiful!
You have a beautiful, symmetrical smile and your eyes are so sweet and blue.
You have perfect teeth!
You have a very infectious smile :) Oh and your hair is wonderful!
Wow, your eyes are amazing.
You have such beautiful eyes, and such pretty hair!
Finding internal peace is a journey, I know you will reach the destination :) You are a lovely young woman with some badass hair, love the colour!
You have a sassy smile that would work great for an Ariel mermaid cosplay!
You have a fantastic smile, and eyes that just light up your face.
I love your hair and you have such a cute smile!
Your blue eyes look like crystals!
Your smile is amongst the most beautiful I've seen.
Wow you have such beautiful skin and a beautiful smile :) I know I don't know you but you look as if you have a very kind soul.
I love your eyes
Also I love your hair color.
You have beautiful hair and very kind, big eyes.
your smile is really cute and the rest of your face matches
And btw, you are indeed really pretty, have beautiful eyes and nice hair.
If you need an example, you are really good at smiling.
You have gorgeous eyes too 😊
I hope you find the happiness and fulfillment you deserve.
You have a beautiful smile and eyes a fella or lady could fall into.
Good day brother, I must say you have a dazzling smile.
You have a lovely smile!
You have such a sweet smile!
There's all kinds of reasons WHY it may be telling you that, but you have to think of your depression as a parasite- not as a part of yourself.
You have value regardless of whether or not you do these kinds of things, but they'll help.
You're better than some evil whispering voice in your head.
We'll prop you right back up on your feet.
You have a really nice smile!
It starts in your eyes and you can tell that it's genuine!
Don't let life get you down, with a smile like that you deserve to wear it often!
If fire fighter training makes you anxious, maybe either figure out what specifically is causing it or switch to something else, depending how strongly you feel about it.
You have a beautiful smile with eyes that can pierce the coldest heart
Fun hair, great eyes and brows and your lips look great too.
Your beard looks very nice.
Your eyes are amazing and you've mastered the hair toss for sure.
Your hair is amazing.
In turn, they apologized, admitted to being "angsty", and thanked you for seeing eye to eye with them.
I hope from the bottom of my heart you get your second wind soon, when you find the strength do great things with it :) All the best!
I live the hair and your eyes are so captivating!
I love your beard and hair and your overall aesthetic.
I love your shoes and when o feel anxious I do a breathing trick.
I know it’s tough, and it sometimes makes you want to rip your hair out but you’re so tough!
Second, you have such beautiful eyes and skin!
You have a wonderful smile, and I'm sure people will be drawn to it while you are in school.
You look very relaxed in this photo, and we have the same shoes, so great taste in those too :P Second, I know how much anxiety sucks, but this week will end and I hope you start to feel better!
You do not have resting stress face, lol.
I can honestly say that seeing your bright eyes and infectious smile have improved my morning.
You have wonderful hair, an adorable smile, and a fantastic facial structure.
Just remember your smile and your patients will carry you through more difficultes than most things.
You have a really nice smile :)
Your hair is amazing and I think it's a great reflection of who you truly are: colorful, bright, and fun.
I really like the smile/smirk playing at the edge of your mouth.
Cool sunnies and tatts, love the hair and facial scruff...and you like the Ramones.
You were born with desirable traits: - Your arm hair is the perfect balance between not too hairy and just enough hair.
- The way you keep your beard says “I’m mature, but I can still take down a few beers with the best of them” (and it’s sexy, too) - You actually take pride in your hair - and it shows.
Actually, a YAAASSSS... Also... - Your tattoo choice makes you seem in touch with yourself, but I can tell by the definition in your arms that you’re not one to mess with - You have great taste in shades - Despite not being able to see your eyes, you seem like you’re fine af and if you came up to me and struck up a conversation, I probably wouldn’t brush you off (cause you’re on Reddit, so I’ll assume that you’re a relatively good conversationalist) Don’t let depression get you down, love.
You have beautiful eyes.
I love the way that your makeup accents them the way it does while not taking anything away.
Your shirt and tattoos are awesome, your hair is rockin, and your sunglasses are perfect.
You have great hair, and grow excellent, even stubble, it looks really good at that length.
You have nice clear skin and a very straight nose and good jawline.
Your face is very balanced and handsome.
School sucks but you've made it this far, you can totally nail this!
But seriously, keep your head up, friend, hopefully things will start looking up soon 💙
Casually being blinded by your beautifully glowing skin 😍 tell me your skincare secrets!
The way your lips contrast with your skin, the way your hair falls across to accent your eyes, eyes which are somehow strong and vulnerable at the same time.
Your smile made me smile, just smilin' away at work now.
Plus you pull off facial hair very well, so two wins already today!
You've got a super cool beard my dude, and it goes so well with your glasses.
It's hard to motivate yourself when you don't feel worth it but you look like a cool ass dude that can definitely kick some ass in that interview.
In the teeth of these stupefying odds it is you and I, in our ordinariness, that are here.
I like your eyes, and the picture of the rocket in the background is nice too haha
But not everyone's demons are the same or even that strong but I can tell that your demons are 10 feet tall and tower you.
you made it this far, you're smart, you're capable, and you have nice eyes.
You look great, you've served your country, reevaluate your pride and build it back up.
All you have to do is show them how tough you really are and work to the bone, they may not be extremely forgiving.
Everyone is talking about your beard (although its extremely worthy of noting) but your moustache is on point!
And your beard game is strong!
Everyone has mentioned your smile and there’s a reason for that, that’s a smile that’d light up any room
You’ve got this, keep your chin up!
You have an infectious smile, I'm grinning ear to ear just looking at your happy face.
It reaches all the way up to your eyes, an indicator of authenticity.
You have lovely teeth, and you look like a friendly, gentle man.
Keep your head up, moving ever forward.
Cheers to your success and happiness, shine on!
You look great in that dress!
I absolutely love your hair!
I love your dress.
First image: I love how your hair frames your gorgeous face.
You've chosen a dress that fits you so well!
Second image: You make me think of evenings curled up on the couch with the TV playing some show, blankets and hot chocolate, sweet small talk in hushed tones.
You have such powerful eyes, I keep getting drawn into them in both of your pictures.
Keep your chin tipped up a little higher :) don't listen to the silly critical voices in your head.
I don't know what you're going through right now in detail within your life, but I just want to say that I believe in you; that you'll overcome those challenges, and make it out strong n' kicking ass.
If you give up now, then you'll never get to know/meet those potentially new friends or a partner that may cherish you with love n' happiness.
I like your hair and glasses by the way!
You look like a great guy to be around, and your hair is totally on point my man.
Screw you and your awesome hair lol!
What kind of job did you get?
Your hair is amazing!
Your smile is so beautiful and catchy!
I like your hair!
It's a nice colour and you have a beautiful smile.
You rock, and your hair rocks.
Your eyes smile, which I just love.
Your smile is contagious and beautiful.
Your hair is awesome and really suits you and your skin is flawless.
But you are a strong minded girl, I can see it in your eyes.
You deserve the smiles you get from strangers and kindness you receive.
In fact, I really love your hair color.
Your eyebrows are perfect And you have pretty, full lips!
Your hair is fantastic and your smile is completely infectious and you look as though you have great style.
You seem to have a very contagious personality in the sense that your laugh can easily make the world erupt in laughter with you and your tears can have every body in line with some tissues to try those beautiful eyes.
Man I love your hair!
I’m a person with stick straight hair, which is ok, but when you have waves/curls I think it’s just so much more interesting.
I’m way too afraid to dye my hair something fun, so good on you for doing it!
Your eyes and lips are really good, it's a good face you got.
The right person will come along when the moment is right, and when they do they are going to realize that not only have you got a good soul, you are gorgeous.
You're super pretty by the way (and your eyeliner looks perfect)!
A comp breaking is kinda like a kick in the butt, but the best you can do is think about how to make the best of the situation.
Also, I love the soft smile you have in this photo, it makes me think you're a really sweet human being.
You just have to clear your head.
Your eyes are incredible and this picture is amazing.
I am so proud/ happy that you realize your happiness is worth it.
Always remember: your happiness is your strength.
Your eyes and lips are amazing, this picture had kinda mesmerized me, ha.
Keep your head up!
You went as a bad ass?
Congrats for being strong enough to continue and move on, and your smile in that pic is such a lively one.
I hope you had a blast, and I hope you can channel some of that happiness next time you're feeling low.
Don’t let that asshole take away your smile!
Enjoy the holiday, eat as much candy as you can lay hands on, and continue on your healing journey, so many of us are rooting for you!!
You don't need anyone's permission to take back your life and you do deserve happiness.
I’m so so sorry that happened to you, but you are so strong to reclaim your happiness!
And with a smile like that, nothing will stop you ❤️
Keep your head up and keep pushing through this!!
And I'm not saying any of it is your fault at all... but maybe don't dress like a slutty nurse?
You deserve all the happiness.
I hope your life is filled with happiness from now on.
Your smile made my night!
To see you now stronger than ever standing up against your trauma but also against hate really makes me smile.
It will only get better, and you've earned the right to experience more happiness than you think is even out there.
You're beautiful and look like a lovely girl; you deserve all the happiness and more.
Please continue to be as excellent as you are right now, and please continue fighting for your happiness!
Some people might say you are asking for it with that dress.
He cant take your chance of happiness and Halloween away.
Glad to see your great smile and strength shine.
But, the thumbnail cuts off your face and just focuses on your boobs.
He must’ve been so desperate, did he put a bag on your face or did he just closed his eyes to avoid the horror.
I hope you find all the happiness you deserve and that you know you are stronger and better than those who've hurt you.
Keep living for yourself and your happiness and I hope every day is a step toward something good 💕
you look like the filipino nurse that stole my grandmothers earrings
You deserve happiness, keep being strong and slaying evil
Your smile made me smile.
You deserve every happiness, beautiful friend.
Happy Halloween, you gorgeous smiling nurse.
You look lovely and your smile actually made me smile.
You deserve happiness and friendship and anything you desire.
You have such an infectious smile.
As beautiful as your smile is, your love for your fellow man and the hope you seem to have are even more radiant.
Don't listen to any of these jerks that want to police how you dress!
You should be able to go out ass naked without any man thinking they deserve the right to you without your consent!
I wish you strength and happiness.
Your comments give me the distinct impression that you are strong, smart, and that you have a gentle heart and a nuanced understanding of the world.
Maybe if you didn’t dress like a stupid slut you wouldn’t get raped.
I’m glad you got to dress up and have fun.
You are the most beautiful kind of person.
You deserve happiness and you're gonna get it!
You have more courage in a fucking fingernail than most of us will ever have in our bodies.
I'm so happy you found the courage to not let that asshole win!
Could be because you dressed like that
Stay strong keep your head up
This roller coaster ride has some dark corners, but I get the feeling that you'll have your arms raised at the top of the next hill smiling and taking in the view.
From your wide-open eyes to the pale make-up to the joker-like smile, it's downright creepy.
You really did awesome on the lip liner, so cool.
It’ll be tough, it won’t be easy, it’ll probably kick your ass at times but don’t give up.
I like your nose, kitty!
I don't think there's anything wrong with your chin and you have a good nose!
I’m jealous of your hair 💕
You have really nice hair and kind eyes.
Try to keep your head up and smile, even in the darkness.
Keep your head up and work on yourself.
Dude you have like a perfect nose lol, I don't see anything wrong with it or your chin really.
You have beautiful eyes 😍 Stay strong!
Times are tough now but it seems like you have a good head on your shoulders and a good/ helpful and compassionate demeanour, I’m sure better times are ahead for you.
Also you are pretty with a great smile and based on your comments I think you are a sweet person which is great!!
Your makeup is very well done.
Maybe a light chain maille modesty patch to match your eyes.
I love your eyes and hair color!
"Captain my captain lend me your ear.
now lets begin the compliments, because you are you your hair is beautiful, that raven black hue.
your eyes paralyze, with the stark gaze of hazel.
you have an intoxicating smile
Even without makeup I see you are gorgeous.
Chin up, you will get there!
You have a lot going for you in the ways of looks and personality, and I think once you realize how special you are, you'll be able to do great things!
Keep your head up!
I wish I was as on point as you are right now when it comes to hair, clothes, makeup.
Keep your head up and keep smiling.
You got that serious, smart look going on right now and I bet when you smile you make everyone smile with you.
you have great skin and gorgeous eyes!
You're really cute, I really like you eyes!
Always put your best foot forward.
I like your cute smile.
Keep your head up, it can't rain all the time.
Your eyes tell the story of a thousand lives, and my favourite one talks about a sunset on the Nile during the pharaoh ages.
I love your eyes (please tell me that didn´t sound weird XD)
Keep your head up and always remember bad days don't last and life will get better.
Your eyes are simply stunning.
Your complexion is gorgeous!!
Your eyes are very striking, too.. with lashes I'm envious of.
Your eyes are beautiful!
You have gorgeous eyes.
I am super jealous of your eyelashes and that lip colour looks amazing on you!
Your eyeliner is so good.
You look like you'd kick a bad day in the butt!
That outfit and those stunning eyes make you look like a modern-day Cleopatra.
Your eyes or your hair.
You chose the right glasses, they look great on your face.
Your eyes are just stunning!
Anyways, keep your head up!
You have awesome eyes.
Keep that light beyond your eyes, no matter what people say or do, you make your own destiny.
Your beard game is going strong!
Damn you just have a perfect face.... beautiful
You also look young - anything you don't like, you'll figure out in time.
Well if it helps your probably one of the most beautiful girls I've ever seen, your eyes are like emeralds and you hair like ambrosia.
Oh god if your soul is as beautiful as how you look, then you are the perfect human being!
You seem to be an upbeat friendly person, keep smiling :)
From reading some of your replies though you seem extremely sweet and have a great personality.
Wow, your make up and hair are so pretty!
You remind me of a character from a TV show that I can't quite put my finger on.
You have one of the best lips I have ever seen.
It'll be worth it in the end :) And let me just say your makeup is on point, girl!
What a beautiful smile you have, very lovely.
I love your outfit, hair and how you have your makeup done!
Keep your head up, I have been where you are, and I just know a job will come up soon for you.
Wow your make up and hair, are really amazing your smile so cute, and the way that youre gazing The outfits adorable too, lets not forget that the blue scarf some how matches the tights with the cat.
your complexion is flawless, an ivory hue.
I've been having a bad week seeing you smile just cheered me up.
Always remember happiness is dependent on your mindset and the (sometimes?)
I really like your hair and beard, you are rocking the whiteish parts.
You also have beautiful, gentle eyes.
Keep your head up, you will have better times
Other people have pointed out that you're gorgeous and you have amazing lips (I totally agree, I'm so jealous!)
I love your face!
Great bloody job on your makeup and effects!
You'll bring smiles to a lot of people's faces, including your own.
You have such beautiful eyes!
Thank you for being a bright shining open loving heart.
I wish for you so much happiness and many kindnesses.
How do you get your beard so full??
And sorry you're having a hard go of it, you're plenty good looking, and you seem smart enough to land on your feet.
And in closing I wish to that you have a most splendid beard!
Don't know what the colts are but you look handsome regardless if they are losing Also you look like a gentle soul.
You have a really great smile too.
Genuinely, incredibly photogenic and your eyes and smile are beautiful!
Your facial hair suits as well.
I'm glad to see you smiling so much, brother.
Ps- if you don't mind saying, why and how did you lose the weight
Your eyes are absolutely gorgeous!
Youre not his friend *because* he frowns upon gay marriage, youre his friend because of things you both like and his personality.
Your hair looks fun like that.
I really like your glasses as well, they frame your face nicely and your eyelashes are so thick, I'm jealous lol.
You have a beautiful smile!
You got a great smile!
And I really like your eyebrows, man!
Dude you absolutely nailed it!
Also, I LOVE your hair like that, it's a really fun cut!
You have such a lovely smile and gorgeous eyes!
When the rough times are over, your beautiful smile will still be there, and your anxiety will not.
And you do have a very lovely smile.
Keep your head up.
And your hairstyle really fits you.
Features are nice, and makes your face your own.
I like your nose!
Your eyes and lips are amazing.
Your face is, really.
It would take a hell of a meteor to ruin your face, you're beautiful.
It got me through one of the toughest moments of my life, I’m not going to assume that same help will project onto everyone: but maybe it will give some of you a hand.
You're getting better, stronger, and closer to the happiness you deserve.
Love your hair and lips, you're super cute.
With those eyes and lips, your nose is irrelevant.
I'm so sorry that sexual-assault ever had to be a part of your life, I genuinely cannot find the words to say how utterly useless I feel giving my small compliments in the face of something so difficult.
Your eyes are freaking stunning, and idk why but I especially like your scarf Hope this could provide a small dose of positive-vibes; I don't want to go down the advice route, I'm sure you've had more than enough of that.. but here's my two cents: smile, you deserve it :)
Even your eyes are smiling.
I don't see the problem with your nose.
Honestly I don't see anything wrong with your nose.
You have nice full lips and gorgeous eyes, and your eyebrows look really nice too.
And i really like your hair
You’re very beautiful and I love your smile!
Your nose is perfectly balanced with your gorgeous doe eyes and voluptuous lips.
Oh, and your brows are killer.
You’re hair is cool af, and I love your piercing :)
I love your hair and smile and the fact that you have the self-respect to insist on being treated right.
Keep your chin up and stride forward as the powerful woman you are, leaving that clown behind you!
My next festival is from the 16-20th so it'd have to be after that, but that just means a few more pages of happiness for you and everyone else to check out!
you're gorgeous, and I'd give my laptop to be with someone who can rock a nose ring like you can.
Also, your earring/s are awesome.
Keep your chin up so you can see the clouds!
Keep smiling and trying, you are a beautiful, unique human being!
Do at least 1 small kind thing for another each day; it will bring you joy and uplift you.
You have absolutely gorgeous eyes!
Your appearance is swaggy as hell.
Your brain works differently than most people’s, but it’s not much different than having any other illness - you treat it the way that is best for you and your body.
Here you go you beautiful soul!
You have the most wonderful eyes.
You look like you have stories to tell &amp; a heart that's aching to share them.
You seem like the kind of guy who I look at and say "man, all the ladies talk to that guy.
Hey man - keep your chin up!
I like your hair
How 'bout that beanie, perched perfectly on your head and making you look fly?
How 'bout the perfect the perfect framing of your body/face vs the sick artwork behind you?
How 'bout the fact that your beard should be he template for all beards, such is its perfection?
Your hair is gorgeous and looks really healthy !
I’m loving your outfit (especially your jacket) and your eyebrows are nicely shaped.im glad that you survived as you’re one of the people who bring positivity to the world !,good luck with the future
Your hair looks great and well taken care of.
The features of your face are very harmonious, like your face was sculpted.
You are gorgeous and you have lips like pillows!
Your eyes speak volumes.
Keep the wind at your back, my friend.
I would like to curl up in your nostril and live with you
With your sensuous full lips, wide eyes, lush black hair you are definitely a vision.
You have a great beard and look like a chill guy to hang with.
You got a rockin' beard and you look like a chill guy to talk to about hobbies and life.
You have kind eyes and your glasses look good on you.
Your beard is nice and full, and your hair looks like the kind you'd like to play with while cuddling and watching movies.
Your eyes are stunning and it looks like you have a gentle soul.
You look like the kind of guy I'd love to hang out with and give beard scratches.
You can never go wrong with the hoody/jacket combo, my man.
And I like your nose.
So allow me to tell you you're awesome, kind and have great taste in jacket/hoody combos.
&lt;3 Also you got a badass beard
So I looked at your selfie for a while an I noticed you have the nicest of eyes.
And you definitely have those eyes that make me want to ask you a million questions, but I wouldn't for some reason.
And at this point I just wish I could look at you and that my eyes would say to your eyes: be well, my friend.
You have a very kind, warn face, and I'm sending you all positive vibes and wishes.
You have amazing eyes!
Your haircut fits you perfectly.
Your eyes are stunning and hypnotic.
Your eyes are gorgeous and I love your shirt.
Keep your chin up, you’ll tough it out!
If I was having a bad day, I'd want someone like you to tell me to keep my chin up.
Your eyes look wise, and I sense you have a quirky sense of humour.
Be proud of your smile, at least your confident to try to, even if youve had it rough.
You seem like the kind of guy that has everyone's back you know?
Keep your head up, things could be a lot worse, these are all great things.
Just remind yourself that you have a duty to fulfill your purpose, you might not know what it is yet, but you’ll figure it out.
You look awesome and have such pretty eyes :).
When you feel like not much has changed, move your body.
Take time to feel how your body feels when you work out or stretch.
You have such a kind face and eyes.
I love your smile - it's cute and handsome.
Pat yourself on your back!
Hopefully you know what makes you happy and can pursue that goal with the tenacity you've shown while losing weight.
P.S., your eyes are amazing.
I love your smile.
You should get a haircut, perhaps a new set of glasses, and hit the gym!
your eyes are positively stunning.
Plus, as a chick, I'm *totally* jealous of your skin and lips lol Keep your chin up and smile.
When you're faced with these kind of differences, of course your mental health is going to take a toll.
Just remember this, you are a unique person and you will overcome whatever adversities you're faced with.
I love your hair and it’s color.
This is the first time I have seen this subreddit... For whatever it's worth you made me smile.
Whatever you face ahead, I know you will be able to overcome it.
Keep your chin up, I really hope things start looking brighter for you.
Also, your eyes are absolutely stunning!
What hobbies do you have, other than growing a perfect beard?
Your face has such wonderful characteristics.
Your pink, kissable lip slightly showing...yum.
It looks like you might have chest hair...sexy, sexy, chest hair.
Love that smile and gleam in your eyes, your feelings are absolutely showing.
“There shall always be that voice that will tell you how you are wasting your time and ability, how you shall fail, how some tried and failed, why your prevailing slips are indications of your future doom, why you are unworthy to dare, why your background mismatches your vision and aspiration, why your personality misfits your mission and how arduous the errand is.
Ty for making me smile I hope you one day wake up and smile again.
If you look this good with medical tubes in your face and no makeup, I bet you look stunning when you aren't in that situation.
Rough year... Lost your dog, your mother had a scare, and now your body is being a jerk.
I could tell you that your pretty and nice eyes and so on, but I'm sure you've heard it all before, and that's not what you need to hear right now.
And that's all I can say to you, right now: you can do this, just keep your eyes on the prize.
Oh man your hair is AMAZING!
Your photo just screams beautiful soul and I can't get over it.
Regardless of hairstyle/color you are just lovely anyways.
Good lord I would die for your complexion, and those lips...!
You have one of the greatest attributes of all, a grateful heart.
Love the persistence and I hope your kids have your eyes!
You look sad, yeah, but I can still see a cheeky smile in those eyes :) You've come this far.
Not sure what's prettier, your hair or your eyes!
You have a simple haircut but you look so very handsome.
If your child is even just half as beautiful as you are, they’ll surely make the entire world stop to look when they smile!
Idk if this is weird but I really really love your nose and eyebrows!!
Hope that your perfect baby has your perfect eyes!
There are so many colors in your eyes, it's so cool!
You look like you have such a beautiful soul!
Just keep that face and head tilt and name your price, ha.
I do have a feeling you'll have to explain how you have floating hearts above you at all times though :)
I wish you the best of luck and may your new little one be in your arms before you know it.
I hope your baby has your eyes and smile.
Without even reading the title the first thing I noticed was your absolutely amazing and gorgeous eyes!
I hope your child has your eyes, they are gorgeous.
your hair color is beautiful!
You seem like a good guy who has honest eyes and a genuine smile (hiding behind what's ever got you down).
You look like your eyes are sad and that you only will only listen to what you want to hear.
You’re absolutely breathtaking wow.. thank you for posting because you certainly put a smile on my face!
Great hair, very photogenic and you are a total babe 🙂
Do not ever give up and keep you chin up.
Wow, I try to stray from commenting on looks, but your eyes are absolutely mesmerizing!
But I'm sure the image of you that you have in your head is vastly different from what people actually see, and that's okay!
I imagine a lot of that shows because of what's in your heart as well!
Don’t worry lass, your hair is unreal so there’s one of many things going for you Chin up :)
Secondly, you have a good face but you should do something about your hair.
Oh, and your eyes absolutely pop, your style is so elegant and stunning yet so simple at the same time, it really suits you.
Your hair and eyes just command attention.
Keep your chin up and remember this: you are the maker of your own happiness and it’s okay to feel sad; we’re only human.
If you demonstrate your personality, you will be attractive to those around you and you will realize how hard you are on yourself.
An entirely new 24 hours &amp; the world is at your feet everytime you open your front door.
I just want to say that you have absolutely gorgeous fucking eyes.
But you’re asking strangers for kindness you say to yourself.
But in asking for this, you recognize that you’re sad &amp; need that slight kick in the ass to finish the fight into the next day.
This proves what I’m said about your personal strength to be fact &amp; not just steam out my ass.
Your eyes are amazing
You legit have some of the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen
Your eyes say that you have a strong soul
It's your face and body and I think you're very handsome so you can pull them off.
Nothing changes someone's appearance more than a genuine smile and I'm sure you have a lovely one.
There’s pain and uncertainty in your words and it’s in those unfathomly deep eyes of yours as well.
If you go out to events with different kinds of people than the ones you've been around, you may find newer women with different tastes.
I hope that’s not you when you’re worried, because I’m not sure how that smile gets any better.
I’m concerned that it will be used for marketing maybe - nobody could resist buying what made you smile.
I've seen your face before.
You're a great looking guy and I'll bet every turns their heads when you smile.
By the way, what is the tattoo on your arm a picture of?
God your jawline is sharp and you're so good looking.
You have a really nice smile and gorgeous teeth!
You also have super kind eyes, I'd hate to see too you sad, things do get better even if it feels like it'll take forever it will
I love your eyes they are so nice I'm jealous!!
Always wanted brown eyes that colour they look so nice on you wow!!!
You are so bright and cheerful, your smile is infectious.
You have the sweetest smile!
Whatever is happening now will pass, just hang on and try to keep your head up!
Awn, you look so sweet and such a warmth on that smile, pushing through even in the less good days.
Your smile is positively radiant!
I agree with what others are saying; you seem sweet and have a nice, inviting smile.
Keep your chin up and keep smiling 😊
Im sure you hear this all the time but I am so jealous of your hair!
Oh my god, its like your hair is the sun!
You have a wonderful smile and your hair is awesome!
I hope you find a way back to happiness!
Keep your chin up and know that the world loves you, even if you haven't met the right people yet.
A lot of toned people are butterfaces, but you have the face of a movie star.
Your hair is pretty and you look like a genuine person to chat with.
If anyone has ever given you shit for wearing eye make up fuck them.
Your eyes are naturally beautiful and by lining them they stand out even more.
Digging the bald head; you must have unlimited amounts of good luck since you can rub it anytime.
The way the sun bounces off your hair looks lovely, your smirking game is strong, and if those are your natural eyelashes you are super lucky and if you're wearing mascara mind telling me the brand because they are making your eyes pop and sparkle &lt;3
Your smile is so cute!
Your hair makes you look like a Norwegian metal guitarist, which is dope.
You have a really kind face, I really hope you feel better soon you deserve to be happy
Idk how to say this well, but you have eyes that make you look like the nicest person anyone'll ever meet
You feel unnoticed, maybe feel like nobody is giving you their affirmation that your body is a better version of it's past self, but you dont need their opinions because it is and the proof is right here in this very picture.
I've been in a depressive episode lately too, you have incredible eyebrows tho!
Keep your head up.
If I saw you in a crowd of people, you would no doubt catch my eye.
You have a handsome face and a body that clearly shows how much work you’ve put into it.
Also, you have a nice face.
You are stunning and I love your eyes.
You seem like a kind soul.
Your hair looks great, looks like you take good care of it.
And you have such deep eyes.
First of all, congrats on your persistence, Getting your body to look like that is hard as hell.
Second, your hair looks fantastic!
Love the eyebrows, and you make makeup look nice in you.
But you have a beautiful face so I'm sure you'd look gorgeous without the makeup too :)
You look like the type of girl who is gorgeous with makeup and without.
Digging your hair, eyes/brows and lips.
Your glasses really work well with your face shape.
You are ripped as fuck my man, I would kill for a body like yours.
Your hair looks tremendous.
Your smile is really welcoming.
You look like the kind of guy who would be cool to hang out and play video games or watch movies with.
Your facial hair is fabulous!
Also you have extremely kind eyes and deserve as many smiles as one could give!
Your hair is amazing, man.
And your eyes, gosh, can't stop looking.
Killer hair brother &amp; I like your style!
Remember that the world is at your feet everytime you open the front door
I know personally that it can be soul crushing to feel like you're doing everything you can and then look at the measuring device and want to scream because it's not going the way you want it to.
You may be making muscle gains or have a heavy water day.
I don't know if the glasses are fashion or a necessity but you have excellent taste either way because they match your face perfectly.
I love that you already know and acknowledge your own strengths because you DO dress well and you're good with your make-up.
Chin up sister and keep wowing the world for I like you just the way you are.
I realy like the way your haircut, your glasses and your little beard fit together.
You look cute and i hope you keep your smile, even during your time apart from each other.
Great smile, you look good!
Your beard compliments your jawline well bro.
You have a really attractive face.
A lot of my buddies can grow facial hair here and there but few can pull off the mustache well done buddy:) Always know that we are all here for you, no matter how your day is going you can hop into this Sub and we are here to pick you back up:)))
You clearly have no weight problems.
You have a handsome face, and I bet you'd look great with a cowboy hat even if you wore it just for fun, and if that worked, you could add a flannel shirt.
My recommendation is to take another picture with the camera in a low position kind like the one you posted featuring a big smile, a natural sky background, and maybe something grandiose behind you like a statue of a dude on a horse or a big mountain range, and if you have no such thing, you could hold up something you love, a food, for example.
Totally loving your facial hair.
I dunno your situation but simply by being a guy willing to say he's facing these issues is incredible.
Got some nice skin you do
Looking good bro - I wish I had your skin.
What I am trying to say is that your skin looks good.
You should be happy often with a face like that.
keep your chin up, girl!!
I just want to kiss your cheeks!!
Also the crinkles in your smile make it so genuine and sincere you probably infect everyone around you when you smile or laugh.
Your eyes are very kind and sweet and I hope you realize the good you do around you is really worth it.
I like your face, you seem like a quiet and genuine young man.
You look like you love to have a good time and like someone who has a great sense of humor.
In seriousness though, you have a friendly as hell face and I'd grab a beer with you anytime!
You have beautiful eyes and a great smile.
You have a very friendly face.
Remember at the moments when you are down and low you have a wonderful smile, kinder eyes, and a loving kitty who thinks the world of you.
You are beautiful and I think the world knows by simply showing your smile 😊
Looking at your smile and your eyes you seem like a very sweet person :)
You have such nice hair and beautiful blue eyes.
Your lips look incredible here with this lipstick color.
Please don't be afraid to smile, I'm sure you have a beautiful smile :)
I especially love your hair.
I'm sure you will do great on your exam, and I'm sure you have a great smile.
The only way you can get better at smiling is by practicing \^_^
I love your hair !
You're so cute, Even with the braces you have a very nice smile, and a girl could get lost in those gorgeous eyes of yours!
Chin up and smile, you look like an amazingly wonderful person.
Hard work pays off !you’re looking great and I’m sure you’re a hit ,keep looking after yourself :) it does you well.you also have nice teeth.
I have no idea how nurses/doctors work, so I don't know what kind of nurse/doctor you are, but keep doing what you're doing, because you are changing lives.
Moreover, I love your glasses, and your smile.
You have a warm, sunny disposition, your smile is welcoming and kind.
Your glasses frame your eyes and face perfectly.
You look like a kind funny and beautiful person which most people would enjoy working along with.
You have really beautiful, piercing blue eyes.
If you look people straight in the eyes when you talk to them, I'm pretty sure you can rule the world ;)
Your lips are full and luscious and you have a very wholesome face with a great complexion.
Love your face here.
You have really pretty lips :) I'm sending the best vibes ur way in hopes that you can be nicer to urself soon.
You look pretty damn good man, some nice facial hair and your skin looks really really good!
Who wouldn't want to wake up to your beautiful smile every morning!
With your gorgeous blue eyes as well, you'll have no trouble getting someone who actually treats you the way you truly deserve.
Then the people at your school don't have working eyes.
You have a beautiful face and seem like a nice person.
I adore your original hair style.
You are not theirs, your soul is not reflected in their words or thoughts.
If you can fake a smile that lovely, just imagine yourself in a place where you’re beaming for real.
Keep doing your thang and someone is gonna notice you’ve got a ton of heart!
I hope you are in respiratory care because you took my breath away the moment I layed eyes on your smile.
Okay, seriously, you have the cutest dimple ever!!
And your eyes are sooo pretty and blue!
Keep on bustin your ass man I can tell you work hard and try to just get by as well as possible!
Seriously, your eyes are absolutely dazzling!
I especially like the Mario design over your right shoulder.
Also, dude, your eyes are super bright!
Your town must have at least one eye doctor take them to see him.
You smile with your eyes :D you'll be fine and moving on to bigger ;) and better things soon enough.
Someone will see how incredibly special you are one day, and it'll start when they look into your lovely eyes!
Also, your haircut is the perfect one for your face.
Also, I really like your hair and lip piercing!
I really hope that the happiness that you're faking becomes real happiness because you deserve it.
That smirk of yours is incredibly endearing and suits your face so, so well.
I want you to have a reason to smile because it looks so good on you!
You are so beautiful and those eyes are captivating.
Your hair looks amazing!
Makeup, hair, natural beauty, everything's working together here and you look great!
Looks like you have a deft and able hand.
Your hair is looking awesome!
Whatta babe 👌 Those lashes are stunning, but I can picture you pulling off a less lashy look too, because your eyes are so lovely and your whole face is so naturally pretty 💖 Congratulations on being you!
Your hair is at such a cute length right now!
They make your eyes pop!
There are no words that can change how you feel about yourself, but I hope you can at least feel our kindness, our warmth, and our acceptance of you here.
I have been in bed the last three days, not having a soul to talk to about my pain, so I hope you can know that we can understand you on a level that (perhaps) your close friends and family cannot.
Love your nose ring too.
your septum piercing looks amazing, and those eyebrows are on point!
Accentuates the natural beauty of your gorgeous eyes.
I like your cute little freckles across your cheeks!
I love your hair color and your glasses suit you so well.
You’ve got a cute face and a great body, and I’ve bet you got a fantastic personality.
Keep at it, you have a great body and a charming face, but it's on the inside that will always matter the most.
Be your honest self and those eyes will get you everywhere you need to be in life.
(and I dig the shoes in the last pic) Also, the single biggest piece of social advice I ever got was to smile as much as you can.
Just because you’re getting older, that doesn’t meant your personality should slowly diminish.
I also really love your eyes!
Your eyes are amazing ❤️
I wish I could pull off short hair as well as you do!
Those lashes make your eyes pop.
You look like a boss ass bitch.
Also, have you had heart surgery??
Just looking at those muscly arms 😍 Are you shy?
However, you look like the kind of guy with a lot of patience.
First of all, how could you wear such an insensitive shirt, you ass.
Your eyes are magnetic and your countenance is calming.
Do something that makes you happy today, that face was meant to be graced with a smile!
Your facial hair is so awesome, it looks great on you!
Seeing your face makes me smile.
You have a huge heart so when you overwhelmed you feel like your falling hard but that big heart means you also love all the more so.
But if I met you and saw those eyes, I would have given you a freebie just to see you smile :)
Your hair color is absolutely gorgeous and suits you so well!
Keep smiling brother it suits you
Love your hair, eyes, and lips.
You'll get through, your hair &amp; facial hair game is on point and you have a wonderful smile.
People scroll past your face and see happiness because you have such an amazing smile and sweet eyes and negate that you may need to be told these things.
Keep your head up and I hope for a quick recovery
Fun makeup and pretty eyes, enjoy your well earned night out!
Take it easy, let yourself heal, and spend some time admiring your eyes and lips.
Your hair makes you look like a guitarist.
Your handsome bro and you have a beautiful smile hope you feel better and keep fighting the good fight
You have a great smile!
Your smile is contagious!
And you have a very welcoming smile.
I bet babies smile at you automatically because they don't know how else to react when you look at them.
your hair looks really good, don't cut it
Your smile and the light shining in your eyes definitely picked me up.
Also, I'm hella jealous of your hair.
Your hair fits your face perfectly and your eyebrows are 10/10, honestly.
Your eyes are beautiful.
These kinds of things are going to get you though this
I live in a college town too...if I saw you out I'd try to catch your eye just to smile at you.
You are worth happiness, joy, and all the good things the world has to offer you.
And you are worthy of love, kindness, and admiration - yes!
You have deep eyes and beautiful hair.
You have deep soulful eyes.
I bet they light up when you smile.
You have an amazingly warm smile.
I love your hair, smile, and head tilt, you're adorable.
Hopefully your doctor gets it right, we need that smile.
Maybe JJ Abrams is following you around because he thinks with those bomb-ass looks you got, you'd be awesome starring in the next movie he directs.
Also, your beard is really nice.
This might read weird, but I like your hairline.
Keep your head up, my dude!
But when your back is against the wall and you're bleedin' bad you just fix a mad grin on your face, and you keep fucking fighting.
Every day is a battle, and half of the time you're losing, but you stand back up, you spit in the face of your demons, and you keep fighting.
Your haircut, your beard, everything fits together.
Your hair is really rad.
Your cat is clearly so happy and comfortable in your arms.
You feel not only your own problems on your shoulders, but the worlds, as well?
I️ honestly gasped when I️ saw your pic, your hair color and eye color are striking.
Your hair, and your beard.
oh my your hair is gorgeous.
I'm gonna join in with the others and say you probably have the most beautiful hair I have ever seen!
Thank you for sharing your wonderful face with all of us and I hope you have a fantastic day.
Your hair is like the colour of an African sunset ☀️
I love that it has been mentioned that you're hair resembles a lions mane, your spirit animal is a lion, and the shirt you are wearing looks like a mythical lion.
Keep true to yourself you sound like you have a great head on your shoulders.
I was gonna comment on how bomb your hair is but everyone beat me to it.
I wanna hop on the bandwagon and give you mad props on your Hair and Eyes.
Also your hair is luscious af, like a mane 🦁
Your smile is so kind and warm!
* Your eyes are brilliant and your smile is so bright.
You have super-bright eyes and a friendly face though, and I hope someone such as yourself - who has a real cool guy vibe and looks like you'd make a great, kind friend - finds balance and comfort soon.
Your hair is amazing and you have a beautiful smile.
You look like the kind of person I would love to hang out with.
Also, you have a really great smile!
Love your hat and your eyes!
You give off a nice warm glow of happiness.
Honestly I'm so in love with your hair idk what you use but it's killing it in the shine department!
If you can do all of that and maintain those flawless eyebrows, you're definitely already Wonder Woman.
You have such life in your eyes and you look like such a kind person.
Thank you for existing (even though I don’t even know you but I believe you’ve made a difference in your family/friends’ lives) I wish that you be granted all the strength and immense happiness and success.
One of the prettiest smiles :) thanks for sharing it with us Love your hair too!
hello you lovely human, you have a beautiful smile!!
your smile and your existence is beautiful, don’t let bad vibes take that away from you.
thank you for smiling and existing, i hope you have a wonderful and fulfilling life that allows you to, at the end of the day, be able to smile for no reason other than happiness within yourself— not for the sake of others.
And that you can find at least some happiness during your big day &lt;3
Your smile looks so genuine and kind!
You feeling better means more of your gorgeous smile, which is good for everbody!
Your hair is absolutely gorgeous!
Rock a smile today, even that alone will help your mood.
Your eyes are so kind!
Just keep smiling, keep your chin up, and be happy.
You have a beautiful smile, great skin, and amazing hair.
I like how your eyes just show so much.
Even though your stuffed animal is hiding the rest of you, your eyes show how kind you are.
Hope you feel good enough to grin ear-to-ear tomorrow!
We all wanna see you smile without holding anything back!
I could look at your smile for dayssss.
There's a lot you can do with that, Nic Cage from Con Air costume for one, Canadian wedding for another- that's 2 right off the top of my head!
That mischievous look in your eyes say a lot.
Your hair game is on point and that shirt really suits you!
Your cheeky little grin says a lot about your personality.
If he pumped you up half as those arms I’m sure you did great, lookin jacked!
😎👍🏻 Be a gentleman - open doors pull, out chairs etc., listen to everything she says, and instead of worrying about the next thing to say - comment to what she is sharing with you, make sure not to be in your own head, and most importantly - just enjoy her company be in the moment.
The only ones falling to pieces are going to be the people that you flash that smile at!
You really do have a lovely, warm smile.
I think you can accomplish all sorts of things with that smile.
I love your eyes, they are mesmerizing.
Your smile is just radiant!
Hey friend, stay positive and safe ❤️ your hair is beautiful and you have such an uplifting smile.
You’re really pretty and your hair fits you perfectly.
You look like a super interesting person and your hair rocks.
I know plenty of people will think you kick ass!
You look so warms and cozy and that scarf is perfect with your eyes.
Dude, your eyes are amazing!
And your skin is so clear, too!
Your eyes match the jumper... where ya find that classy piece to catch your eyes?
Love the 90's style cap with the the button clasp...how'd you get your hair to still look good, pulling through that?
Lastly, and just as importantly....that glint in your eye and half smirk tells me you know you feel 'good'.
You are a kind soul, with a beautiful face and striking eyes to match.
Keep your head up because I'm sure with looks like yours, a girl will say yes!
I work in the same field as you, and I'm no stranger to the kind of anxiety you seem to be feeling.
I don't know who or what Bob's Burgers is but you have no reason to doubt the charms of your face or side profile.
Hold your head up high and know that he did it because of his issues (c'mon, we're all friends here, it's because he's got a small cock, isn't it?).
Besides your a handsome dude, if you keep trying and keep your chin up then there will be lots of girls for you.
Those eyes have such a sparkle, and your chest and shoulders look like the perfect place to snuggle.
Smile, enjoy being you and people will be attracted to your energy.
Having the confidence to open your mouth is the biggest step and you’ve already made it!
Your chin is stronger than mine.
You can grow a beard if you want, but certainly don't do it because of some insult someone threw at you.
Also, unrelated to your face.
You look amazing, and your smile is beautiful.
Your hair also looks really nice, and you took a very nice picture here :) You're a beautiful person and you shouldn't think anything otherwise, you have great things ahead of you in life, I promise!
You look like such a kind soul.
I'd be nervous to talk to you though, this picture also looks like you're cool and have got your shit figured out.
Plus your hair color (and eye color) makes it look quite original and memorable.
You look great and have a genuine smile.
I really like your haircut, too, man.
I'll bet you turn lots of heads whenever you walk by!
I know you are not at the weight you want to be, but this is still an amazing accomplishment and a great motivator to keep going.
Try to make a gratitude list in your head about why you made these changes and what positive things you've noticed so far and when you start feeling down about tomorrow take a moment to remember why today is an awesome day, then you won't have to worry about tomorrow because that'll take care of itself or as one of my AA buddies used to say, "Today is the tomorrow that we worried about yesterday, and all is well."
Let me just finish up by saying that you look great, I would assume that you're at a healthy weight, but I also know that you've got to be happy with yourself so only you know what your ideal weight is, but I'd say you must be close to your goal.
Aside from all the comments about your appearance.
But you want to change your body and that's awesome!
Your smile is infectious so I hope you keep doing it!
Your smile is wonderful.
I'd give you a hug if you were closer or my arms were longer, but short of that, I'll send all my good vibes headed in your general direction.
You've got such a bright warm smile that I would never think that you were feeling so blue.
I hope you find reasons to smile, because yours is super contagious.
Also you have very pretty eyes!!
Thank you for being brave enough to smile for us and show them off!
You have beautiful skin!
Your eyes really sparkle :)
Don't let your self esteem fall with a smile like that :) You've got so many good things going for you, don't let some temporary setbacks put you down :d
Your hair colour is beautiful!
And you dimple is so cute.
Your curly hair, golden skin and perfect cheekbones are nothing compared to the person you are inside.
You smile is intoxicating and your eyes are gorgeous!
Keep your head up high!
Your eyes literally light up when you smile, I've never seen that before!!
I’m glad you’re still smiling, and glad you took this picture.
You brightened my day up just by seeing you smile!
Obviously your eyes are gorgeous, but I think you have a lovely shape to your face as well.
You are so amazingly beautiful and just remember that you are in control of your happiness, so make each moment count:) ur so beautiful
You are gorgeous, you have the most beautiful eyes and smile
Having the courage to smile is the hardest thing, I am so amazed and proud of you for fighting the battle every day.
I hope you can find more reasons to smile because that smile is adorable and infectious!
You have a really kind face
I don't know who is calling you ugly but they're only doing it to get under your skin.
As for your phsyicals, I like your eyes.
You and I almost have the same hair and shape of face though I wear glasses which changes things a bit.
I wish I could teach you the lesson I learned about how to be comfortable in your own skin.
I love your eyes in this picture!
Find reasons to smile Beguile us with your style of beauty: Walking barefoot, but astutely, across mosaic tile, the palaces of some tropical isle, You leave sadness miles behind On the frontier of the human mind... And while life has to rile you up Remember you've got style enough - Wily, composed of sass and moxie and cunning Holy moly, you're way, way more than stunning - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Don't take the game too seriously, hun; remember that you *are*, and that you are here to have *fun*.
So if that's the biggest smile you can muster right now, then that's okay.
I"m sure with everything else you're not too concerned with superficial stuff like this but I really like the coloring of your hair.
And you really do have such a kind face and sweet eyes.
the blue in your hair is very pretty!
You have such a kind face, a lovely smile, and you seem like you simply exude warmth.
You can't hide kind eyes, and you have those.
If you don’t feel like smiling, then don’t smile.
You're a beautiful soul and I love your hair so much, light blue suits your skin tone very well, it's very pretty!
Your smile is beautiful!!
Your eyes are sad, but they also convey hope and strength.
Your eyes are soul-piercing!
Keep smiling :) message me anytime you need to talk.
Also, I LOVE your hair.
Your dress is so pretty and blue!
You are a beautiful young woman with a level head on your shoulders.
All of the hurt and your entire journey can be seen though those amazing eyes.
I can see that in your eyes.
I’m so jealous of your flawless hair and skin.
You’ve made it this far, and once you drop that dead weight (racist boyfriend) you’ll get to that finish line quicker!
You have such a striking face, you could be a model!
Seriously, people would kill for your bone structure.
Your skin is just beautiful.
Yo dude, I can relate &amp; while cancer probably scares the shit out of you, keep your head up.
Your face is very elegant but also has a bro-ish charm.
You are young and beautiful....keep smiling and things will get better.
You have a great smile and awesome hair!
You are not unattractive - in any way... Tell that little voice in the back of your head to shut it.
You are gorgeous and you have kind eyes.
I bet a smile from you can make anyone’s day!
Feeling confident and comfortable in your own skin is more important than anyone else’s opinion.
I don't even know you, but your smile is so inviting and your honesty means that you've got a great heart.
They got your face well!
I think your hairstyle is also interesting and an attention-grabber as well.
I can see the pain in your eyes, but I can also see the shine in your smile.
And I like those frames you are wearing, they look really good on you.
I know being alone can kill your confidence, and the holiday season can exacerbate negative emotions, but keep your head up man.
Your hair, eyes, and smile are amazing!
haha How could your boss (or anyone for that matter) hate a face like yours?
Your smile is just beaming with kindness!
You seem like such a bright soul.
Your eyes are striking and they contrast with your hair color so well!
You look like your healthy and have a great smile.
Your cute look and face.
Dude , you seriously look good you have nothing to worry about :) plus you seem to have a nice personality, just try and be more confident!
Have you ever tried rectangular frames?
I don't know what glow up means but I like your hairstyle.
And one thing I noticed right away is how nice your skin looks.
I don’t think this is your first time facing adversity.
I can tell you’re a sweetheart from the way you smile, and beauty is really all about the inside, so I know you’re beautiful!
You're overwhelmingly beautiful, and you have that glint in your eyes that gives away the strong spirit beneath the hurt.
Because if you don't you're just going to get progressively worse and that big bottomless void hanging above your head will literally swallow you up.
In the meantime, keep your distance, try to force yourself to do things that get you out of the house (even taking a walk somewhere might help clear your head), and don't let this stop you from living your life.
And you seem like the kind of person who can.
And did I mention I dig the hell out of your nose ring?
And your eyes are really pretty.
Also you have a nice smile.
You have kind eyes and a lovely face, but the love you need must go inside by taking care of your needs.
If you're a beautiful on the inside as you are in the outside, you will have the world at your feet.
Your makeup skills are on point!
You have such beautiful lips-especially the cupid's bow.
I see you've taken the time to reply to pretty much every comment on this post- seems like you have a great heart, she would be proud of you
Your hairstyle and beard should give you strength too!
Your eyeshadow matches your lips, I dig it :) Also, dat smolder!!!
Great hair color, reminds me of outer space :) Also you really pull off that red lipstick, I’m jelly!
It’s because your skin is so nice.
You look like you’re about to head out for the night - you’re face is beautiful and your hair looks amazing.
You have one of the most grade-A genuine smiles I've ever seen!
Seriously, your face is beaming!
I WANT to feel good about myself, but when I see pictures of your typical attractive lady, they look nothing like me.. my hair is curly, not straight.
I have a blah face, nothing stands out and I would love some of your adorable features!
I love the color of your eyes!
You literally have the kindest eyes and most welcoming smile I've seen in a long time.
Okay so I LOVE you hair, I would kill for volume and curls like that and that length is super cute for your face!
I know curly hair can be a pain though, so if you haven't checked out / they have a ton of resources on things like how to make brushing it easier!
There are plenty of people that will love that face as is and you know that because you just had a relationship.
I hope you keep finding reasons to smile anyways.
I envy your hair and eyebrows!
Your skin is so creamy too.
Do something that is purely selfless and you may see many things through another's eyes.
I love your hair and the color goes well with your cute eyes :)
Your eyes, that smile.
Apart from the ears you look like a painting on this photo :) Hugs and love on you, beautiful person o/
You have the most adorable smile and dimples!
Keep smiling, you are strong enough to smile through anything.
Keep that smile up and your head high.
And those braces are really doing their job good nice teeth you got going on there!
There is true light in your eyes.
You got some rad hair my dude!
Just always remember that you already have every possible bit of happiness in the world.
I can see genuine hope in your face, you know you can stay sober this time.
also I like your hair
Also, your blue hair is super cool!
Also I’m obsessed with your hair!
And your eyes are so pretty.
Your beard looks freaking awesome, though!
Maybe it’s your eyes.
Your hair and facial hair are on point.
Plus, you have such piercing eyes, they look really cool!
Your hair, eyes, and lips are amazing; make sure you keep those, ha.
You seem so chill,like the kind of friend you can trust with everything and have a good time but if something goes wrong you know he will be always there for you.
You have such a nice smile!
If I saw your gap I'll be happy because that means that you are smiling and that's what matters the most.
That lip color and the matte finish suit you incredibly well, too.
That shade of pink works really well with your dark hair!
I love your eyeliner work!
You have gorgeous eyes.
Your shirt curls make you look fun and sweet and free spirited.
your jawline is on point, and I'm digging the facial hair my dude.
In this cold ass Danish winter, you made me smile.
You're neither, you look like the kind of person I'd be friends with since childhood and that look fits you very well.
You have a wonderful smile, wonderful eyes, and your hair is on point!
As for your face....
Your hairstyle perfectly fits your facial structure, and you have a bitchin beard!
Keep that smile up and you'll be happy for the rest of your life
Did you feel unattractive before the hair cut?
You are def a dishy guy, with quite a mischievous smile that would be fun to get to know.
You probably don't need anything besides those eyes, wow.
I think you have a very empathic and kind face.
You are definitely an attractive guy, and you have very kind eyes!
But you nailed that response!
I like your hair and smile.
Only your face is in this; and as someone working hard to lose the depression weight, I'm sure you know how to minimize how it looks too but still feel terrible.
Wow you have the colour eyes that everyone wishes they had!
Well you haircut certainly looks clean AF
you have the best “smiling eyes” I’ve ever seen
Your makeup is flawless, as is your handwriting in (that other sub).
You have a beautiful face and fabulous makeup skills.
You are beautiful and have gorgeous eyes that will get you anywhere.
Your hair is gorgeous!
You truly have a kindness that exudes from the screen here, the kind I'd like to sit and have a cup of tea with and get to know.
Just hoping that you smile again, and that you find peace.
Your makeup is so lovely and you are beautiful!
I can't even imagine the pain in your heart, or how hard it must be to just keep going every day.
But in spite of all that, the kindness of your soul shines through.
Your skin looks flawless -- not just makeup, but enviable, beautiful skin.
You have the face of an angel.
Your nose ring looks great!
Oh sad girl, I'm sorry you have pain in your heart.
You have beautiful skin.
You have beautiful eyes.
You have very nice eyebrows
Once I got to college, a group of us were talking about body things that made use insecure and I showed them my finger and they replied "what are you talking about?"
I could get lost in your eyes, they're gorgeous!
I really like your curly hair!
The pose and flowers in your hair make it look like you stepped right out of a beautiful classical painting.
Bro I just wish I could grow a beard that took up most of my face like you can.
Your brows have an awesome shape, I'm kinda fixated, ha.
The lighting and the shadows make you look like a badass ready to share his wisdom with the green ears.
You look nice though with a good head of hair and I like how your glasses look on you.
You dress well, you’re clean cut and your bathroom is clean without tons of crap on the counter.
Your eyes are the most brilliant shade of blue.
Your eyes are kind of not even fair they're so beautiful.
You have the most beautiful eyes.
I love your freckles!
And your eyes are the prettiest shade of blue!
You shouldn't hide those gorgeous eyes.
Your skin is beautiful, and you have a great taste in art!
You see, I've always been the kind of person who said that you should learn to love yourself before you can truly accept love.
You complimented my eyes and it is my turn to do that for you.
You do have really pretty eyes and a cute face to match.
I love the way your beard looks with your curly hair
I'm afraid that mark on your neck is what I think it is.
I'm not sure you'll see that as a compliment, unless you understand that kind of honesty comes from love and compassion.
When you face life and your fears head on the world opens up for you in ways you can’t imagine.
you have beautiful eyes and hair!!
You have a wonderful smile and look like an amazing person.
All we know, Internet stranger, is that you are pretty (esp those eyes!
And love the freckles) and that you are brave (asking the Internet for photo feedback is gutsy!)
Maybe it’s the look in your eyes but you seem to be an old soul with a heart as big as the sky.
There’s more to you than meets the eye isn’t there?
Especially your eyes, wow.
You have a beautiful little smile and endearing eyes I'm ignoring the pjs...... ...still ignoring..... ...they're great.... sry
Your eyes are top notch and you've got a glow to you.
You have that kind of courage.
I'm really sorry you've had to face so much and that you had a bad day, but I believe in you and think you'll eventually thrive.
Omg you have the cutest chin ever.
Your nails look beautiful.
Your nose ring complements your face really well :)
Dude your hair is amazing.
Your skin is literally flawless.
You have very symmetrical facial features and your nose ring accentuates that.
Also your hair looks amazing!
The dark shirt with your hair really makes your facial features stand out!
I'm a ginger and I'm proud idk if you know but red hair and blue eyes are extremely rare and I find that awesome I hope you do too :)
Sending warm thoughts your way, from one internet stranger to another :) P.S.- You've got great eyes!
You’re super handsome, and I lowkey wanna tousle your hair cuz it looks really fluffy!
Please keep your chins up and give that puppy an extra hug for me!
Your eyes remind me of reading books in the morning at a coffee shop or drinking hot chocolate by the fire while it's snowing outside :)
But now you can move forward don't lament in the past just keep moving forward and I am sure you will keep smiling as new experiences and better people come into your life.
You really have a cute style from your hair to clothes and piercings and glasses.
Have you lost a lot of weight?
hey man, you look like the kind of guy I'd buy a beer, just because you seem pleasant to be around.
I can appreciate how much work it takes to keep your hair looking good when it's that long.
Its so hard because when you're in a relationship with a person and truly care for them your personalities become entwined together.
You have a nice smile and kind eyes.
Dude, you have very kissable lips.
How do you do that with your hair?
But I can suggest you keep that hairstyle, because it definitely works for you!
Your smile and eyes are incredible.
Dude your eyes are great.
I can't get over your eyes though.
your eyes and beard are so handsome and i'm happy to hear things are looking up, stay positive friend
You look like you have a heart of gold and a smile to match.
I really hope that you find peace and happiness.
You look like the kind of man who deserves it.
You're stunning and I'm so jealous of how straight and white your teeth are.
It looks amazing and really makes your eyes pop!
You rock your smile with that awesome beard and uniquely blue eyes.
I love your smile.
Your eyes 😍 and that smile is so amazing.
I love your beard so much!
Gorgeous eyes, you can really see the kindness in them.
Keep your head up.
You have stunning eyes, fabulous hair, and a perfect smile to boot.
Keep you head up and best of luck with your next adventures!
Keep your head up brother!
Your hair is incredible.
I really dig the swirl of your hair, my hair gets really curly when it gets that long.
You have a great smile, also it’s not an ugly photo, they’re both cute :D
Your hair is super cute and I love your style.
You have really pretty eyes and hair with an amazing smile to match, I’m sure you will be the talk of the town wherever you find yourself.
I love the short hair and your pretty teeth!!
As an ex-hair stylist I LOVE your hair!
Geez, the hair, eyes, brow, smirk, you're a total fox and on your way to happier and healthier times.
We are often most harsh on ourselves, practice looking at yourself with kinder eyes and you will see how cute you are!
I love your eye color, same as mine..... And omg those glasses were the perfect choice, they make you look so smart and so damn sexy!
Share that infectious smile with as many people as you can!
Well you're absolutely beautiful and you have a gorgeous smile.
You, however, show a brilliance in your smile that probably echoes a vibrant soul.
Never stop looking for the joy that you obviously have in your heart.
Also, your skin is like, perfect
I especially like your hair (:
You are amazing and just looking at your picture brings me happiness.
I can see in your eyes and smile that you have the confidence, you just need to believe in yourself.
Best of luck to you, I know it's difficult to go someplace new, even just getting a new job was hard for me when moving wasn't involved, leaving behind people you know can be tough but at the same time it's exciting to think about the kinds of people you might meet, people with similar interests, your new best friend could be there waiting for you now!
You have no choice over how your body operates.
Wow, your eyes show that you are sincere person.
And your smile is really pretty.
If you feel you need to lose weight to be happier with yourself....I wish you success with that.
Also, you have an infectious smile so keep doing it, k?!
That takes so much work and you should be really proud of yourself for taking those steps to reach your version of happiness.
Also your eyes are stunning and your eyeshadow compliments your eye color so perfectly.
I think I have that same jacket - but it looks better on you than it does on me.
Well eye like your shirt for starters :)
Hold your head up high and proud mate, you are stronger than other who are unwilling to do whatever it takes to live a happy satisfying life.
I love what you’re doing with your hair.
Your eyes are stunning and you have very fortunately full lips.
Your lips are amazing, as are your big green/brown eyes.
I love that color of brown in your eyes!!!
I'm jealous of your long beautiful hair and your little buddy there should be the perfect partner to get you through this.❤️
You're beautiful and your eyes.
If anybody needs to talk about anything, I don't judge or think your problems are small, I am more than happy to be a listening ear.
You can be OK again and I have faith that you will be:) Also idk how you normally do your hair, but it looks good all wavy and down like that
;P) Just know that it takes a special kind of person to do what you have done and that's an excellent thing.
Your smile is gorgeous and I hope you get accepted!
Keep your head up!
Love the color of your hair.
Goes so well with your skin.
Love your eyes and that braid.
You look beautiful and your eyes look amazing :) And don't worry, you'll make new friends when the right people come along
You my friend have some nice hair
I love your hair and eyes!
Here you go beautiful soul!
Directly from me: Might I add, your eyes make me want to play in green meadows.
You have doll eyes.
Keep your head up.
You must be a cool dude if you are sporting that around on your arm.
Your hair is beautiful 😍 Glad you're feeling okay and why resist the urge when you can just give in ;D
Keep your head up and things will turn around.
You have beautiful green eyes that are easy to get lost in, you have great hair and a fabulous sense of style!
If you can say yes, then there is hope and with hope there can be happiness.
I have been in what appears to be your same frame of mind and I can relate...like you, your situation is unique though and I do not want to take away from it...that being said, if you EVER need someone to talk to, pm me anytime.
I will wax lyrical about my many failures and few successes, but I am here, hopeful and happy in my current life, and I think maybe you can find that path too...anyway, from one stranger to another, there is hope out there and happiness too...and love.
Thank you all for your kindness.
It's nice to feel that someone has your back, right?
Your beard looks great!!
I love your hair and eye makeup, quite adorable.
With that kind of motivation, you can do a lot of good.
You may not like your face, but I guarantee I'm one of many that do.
Those eyes could melt steel and your hair is amazing.
Your lips, eyes, and hair are top notch!
Your eyes/brows, hair, tats, the shirt, it's such a potent combo.
Keep your head up.
I’m fucking digging your shirt and your face right now.
It may not seem like it now but keep your head up and day after day everything will get better, only time heals!
You have the kind of wondrous beauty that one might see and not want to interfere with, like a scenic moment with a doe
You have something special in your eyes.
It's beautiful and in conjunction with your beard and everything else, it makes you look like a masculine lumberjack with a soft core.
I put together a list of things that help me feel better... Maybe something on here will give you a smile, too: - walking/running - a bar of dark chocolate - sunshine (opening all blinds/curtains) - - cleaning the kitchen - see how many pushups I can do before my arms give out - reading a book (not a depressing book) - petting an animal (preferable a pet cat or dog and not a wild raccoon nor ally rat) - opening the windows (for as long as possible, the longer the better for fresh air...
Turkey hands, hand wreaths, finger painting, cheap clay, salt dough ornaments, flower pressing... Whatever floats your boat - oh, shoe box boats with duct tape!)
Thank you for the kind words.
I can tell by your eyes that you're a fighter and there's a deep well of strength and resilience in you.
There are different kinds of challenges but at least you make your own rules studying for a qualification is its own special kind of anxiety ridden hell!
Sometimes when things become overwhelming or demanding, the body gives off excess which makes you wired for stress.
You have a really cute face ❤❤
You'll have so much stress off your shoulders and be ready to take on life full force.
Keep your head up!
Looking behind those eyes, I’m wondering do you deal with anxiety a lot?
Keep your head up!
Your beard is majestic.
Handsome, nice hair, you got it!
Your eyes are so soft and pretty
Your hair, eyes, beard, and clothes are all on point.
You have a very nice sense of style and beautiful eyes.
Your eyes are easier to get lost in than a foreign airport.
And your hair is super fun.
You have doll eyes.
Head high pal.... [you are the man](Best piece of advice I can give you is what my father once told me....."and this too shall pass".
You are eye candy.
Your hair, eyebrows and beard are the envy of every man and you have an amazing soul piercing gaze.
You have one of those infectious smiles that you can't help but to smile too.
I was scrolling through reddit and my little sister saw your photo over my shoulder and yelled “you found Elsa in real life!” And she is defintely right, you look like a Disney princess :)
You have a contagious smile, you have the kind of smile that could make someone's day better.
You have such a nice sweet little smile!
If you just smile and make eye contact, people usually laugh at even the worst jokes and find even a boring story interesting.
wow, you have really pretty eyes :)
Your hair is really nice, your eyes are kind and your nose ring suits you really well.
Plus I love that smile Start by smiling at yourself every morning in the mirror, and try to see what I see in that smile, soon you'll like yourself for who you are 😊
You have an amazing smile as well.
You're beautiful, you look like a fantastic, fun person, and I adore your hair.
You will find happiness with someone else, but for now enjoy your time with yourself.
You don't have to fake a smile, it's OK to be sad.
Fingers crossed that things work out for you going forwards, no matter what happens with your husband please try to share that smile (genuine or not lol) because it made me smile :)
You are all kinds of sexy.
Keep your head up, we got your back.
Sounds like something happened in his head to make him flip, unless you totally changed yourself it's probably him, so yeah, don't sweat it!
Your smile looks authentic.
And you might meet a likeminded soul along the way.
(and I love your hair!)
You probably know this in your heart-of-hearts, but that thing about not being attracted to you is almost certainly an excuse he's giving you to make you feel bad about his own failure to be a loving supportive husband.
Your fake smile is way better than my actual smile...
It seems like dressing rooms are specifically designed to suck out every bit of self-confidence you've got, and when you're on a streak of too-small clothes, all of your self-esteem is just sapped.
Nobody, not even an ex-lover, has dominion over you and your happiness.
is a great, supportive community if or when you decide to start losing some of the weight you've gained, but I suspect that the root of this unhappiness isn't your weight.
If anything, your weight might be a symptom of it.
I can't speak for personality, but physically you look fucking amazing!
You have nicely shaped lips and great eyebrows.
This is one of those times where I just wish you could see yourself through someone else's eyes because you're beautiful.
Your freckles are charming, your smile is sweet, and your hair is cool.
I may be biased, (I dig short haired girls on principle) but you do look much better with short hair.
And smiles are VERY becoming on you, you should do it more!
I know it sucks when you think nobody can like you, but trust me man it's all in your head.
First off, you have such a huggable face!
Secondly, that shirt and your lipstick and hair go great together, awesome job on that.
Cry your eyes out all you want.
Keep your chin up and get out of the house as much as you can and do lots of things you've always wanted to do
She looks like a perfectly well put together young lady, her skin appears clean and unblemished and I would guess that she smells like hope and angels breath and maybe this dude likes his women with some funk, some stank if you will, and this nutty broad just won't play ball and skip a few weeks of showers.
Ah, babes, must say that's one horrid manoeuvre A bullet dodged, cuz now he'll lose the Rocking hair and lippy, it *really* suits ya Turn this on its head and wonder: p'raps this union had to come assunder So you find divine warming partnership The kind of guy who'll simply beam and worship the lover, the struggler in you, the goddess Lovely as tropical birdsong in a forest Let us all acknowledge: You are the music So take bitterness and remove it You're *gonna* be fine, and more than fine Now crack open a bottle of wine and call a girlfriend who will get behind you Who will remind you that the only loser in that equation was the dude who could have lived in the light and the sound of you - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Remember who you are, sister - know that you are enough, and how the gods miss ya!
Your hair and makeup are amazing.
If I knew you, I'd invite you over to watch the British Baking Show and braid your hair and it would be totally okay for you to cry or just need a hug or eat hot wings on the couch.
I love your makeup and hair!
You don't have to have the healthiest coping mechanisms, you can figure that all out later.
But you were in her heart always.
I'm sure she's a wonderful woman and is smiling down on you always.
May you be awesome, kick ass, and take names in the afterlife.
I love your smile.
You're not unattractive and you have such cute dimples.
You rock your short hair and your outfit is so cute.
Also your teeth are so nice.
It’s a beautiful hat, the colour is quite nice and the stitching is amazing, great job :D May it keep your head warm for a long time.
Plus you have awesome lips.
You look like a very kind but sad soul, I hope you find a way to be happy.
If you can’t find them on your own, turn to others that have the skills you need or that face the same issues so you can face them together.
I think your dark features along with your fair skin is gorgeous and you should feel confident to go out into the world and accomplish anything.
I wish you nothing but success and happiness, and I'm so glad you are figuring out how to cope.
I love your eyes - they look very kind.
Your makeup looks fresh and pretty.
Also, you have a lovely, peaceful looking demeanour and perfect skin!
The shirt is cute, but I think you’re the real star here :) I’m sorry you have been going through a depressive period - I see hope in your eyes, though, and I think you’ve got this!
Your hair will return in due time but don't think that it affects what a beautiful, strong person you are.
You just have that warm everything is going to be okay smile going on
You can tell there's so much going on behind those lovely eyes.
You have the eyes of a fighter.
Hey man, First of all I'm gonna say you seem like a really genuine human and the kind of dude I would play some video games, drink, and talk about life with.
You're super pretty and I love your eye make up.
I'm sorry for any hardships you may be facing right now.
You deserve happiness and everything good in the world.
He's probably focusing on your eyes, they are attention magnets.
Try to see your beauty in your own eyes and when you look in the mirror (it’s definitely there, I promise).
You have beautiful skin and hair I’m jealous!
You can message me if you need an ear, I have been there.
Changing your body comp takes a lot of hard work and discipline, you're doing really well!
You have such healthy skin and hair.
Your eyes... my god that colour is amazing.
For every night that has come to pass you have still been there to face the next day.
That's the hardest thing to do when depression has it's claws deep under your skin.
You are pretty when you smile !
You should definitely smile more than just for one picture!
I try not to judge a book by its cover, but you have a pretty face.
If it’s a reflection of your soul, you have nothing to worry about
You are not alone and life is not a race to see who gets further along a predetermined path.
Dude, you look like Bruce Lee in body.
Also, you totally rock that color, it goes great with your eye and hair color.
On top of that, the nose ring fits in nicely with your style.
I want to hug you and pet your hair and make you feel better.
As myself and others on reddit, we extend our arms to you brother.
Thanks for sharing your weight with us.
Even when you accomplish something so unbelievable, you know in your heart of hearts how difficult it's been.
You deserve every ounce of happiness that you feel.
I wish you luck in your dating endeavors and kicking the ass off of that voice in your head telling you that you're no good.
You have great eyes!
Regardless, stay strong and know that there are many of us are very proud of your ability to keep your head above water.
You have an amazing jawline and a great beard.
You can still achieve anything you want outside academia with the occasional B. I probably don't need to tell you any of that, you're a smart and very cute (especially your eyes and lips!)
Your hair and eyes are working.
Congratulations on your progress and earning that smile, that's a hell of a comeback and you've got endless possibilities for the future.
Keep on keeping on bro :) you’ve got a positive smile that makes me feel instantly more social, like if you are having a good time then I should be too :D. It’s contagious.
Keep showing those those teeth and feeling confident, there is no reason you shouldn’t do just that!
Love your hair and lips!
I love your hair!
Your eyes twinkle more than Tinkerbell :)
Glad to see you smiling, it looks good on you.
You have a great smile too, and your hair looks very healthy and well done.
You have flawless skin.
I love your makeup, and your friendly smile.
Your fire beard is glorious.
Your smile, your eyes, your hair, just perfect.
Oh I love you hair, it's looks so nice.
Plus you have a cute nice and nice skin.
No explanation or closure of any kind, and while it stings like hell for a while, you'll see you're much better off without someone like that in your life anyway.
You have an honest/sweet face and good style
You have a strong masculine face and you're just overall attractive.
Keep your head up, you have nothing to worry bout.
Keep your head up and keep smiling, it looks good on you.
I'm jealous of your facial hair as I struggle to grow something that even resembles a beard.
You have a great bone structure.
Keep your chin up and continue to look towards the horizon.
You have a chin that could make Bruce Campbell jealous.
I love love love your smile.
;) (I'm joking of course) Your smile is amazing and I'm sure you'll find yourself someone else soon enough.
And your eyebrows are really nice.
Your makeup is on point~!
You are a beautiful soul that deserves more.
She broke a piece of your heart, but your kids own more of it.
Push yourself away from the desk, even tho your head is like “I have got to work work work” just step back every hour, a breaaaaaaath.
And you just have perfect proportions to your face.
You have very calm and pleasant eyes!
You have a very kind and sweet look to you, and I love your eyes, they're so striking!
I just fell very much in love with your eyes right now.
You have incredibly kind and intelligent eyes!
Wow, your eyes are gorgeous!
You’ve got nice features, and the glasses suit your face really well!
If you find yourself looking back look and figure out how you can make it better the next time.
Your cleavage is endless.
Regardless your skin looks really smooth.
You have plenty of time to figure out those questions you're asking yourself so just take your time.
You have amazing style, know how to do your hair all chic, super cute purse, I can tell you have really pretty colored eyes, and you even have pretty fingers!
You have a good face and a great smile.
Just keep loving yourself and I'm sure your mind will catch up to where your heart is eventually!
I know that's impossible but I hope it put a smile on your face.. you are Stunning... your hair and skin and smile are flawless.... positive self image doesnt come with a banging body... take some time mentally for you... and anyone who tries to tear you down is a hateful jealous person.. you got this!
You look absolutely amazing here, and it's wonderful to see your smile!
I love your dress and it fits you so nicely.
You worked your ass off to get where you are and you deserve to feel amazing about it.
Your legs look so good!
you have very nice hair!!
And even more transforming than how much weight you've lost is the smile you have now.
I know your brain doesn't want you to realize that, but you seriously look amazing and should be SO proud of yourself for accomplishing that kind of weight loss.
Really flatters your skin tone!
You have good features and amazing eyes.
I wouldn't believe you had issues with your hair if you didn't tell me.
Not trying to sound creepy, but you have very beautiful lips!
You look like the kind of person that can handle it.
The beauty of that smile Though å sadness in the eye Be proud, gorgeous you I'd be proud to call you one of my crew That smile is fantastic I bet you're bombastic You can call me a friend I'll always have a ear to lend I hope your day is getting better There is a person out there who is thinking "go and get her!"
As odd as this is, your eyebrows are awesome!
You'll have to work on that brain like you worked on that body and it might take a while too but you're so capable...and cute!
Your eyebrows are amazing haha!
You have a very cute face.
As someone with chronic pain that causes me to throw up all the time, I'll just warn you to take good care of your teeth.
Your top, front like 6 teeth will take the worst damage from throwing up all the time.
I hope you can figure out what's going on soon as I know how difficult it is to live with an undiagnosed illness.
I especially like the shape of your eyes and your face.
I love your nose piercing by the way!
As a fellow chronic illness sufferer, I know it can be hard to keep a smile on your face when it feels like your body is against you.
Your face is beautiful, warm and friendly.
You have amazing eyes!
Dude your face is just awesome perfect mix between serious and warm.
Your skin looks really clear and beautiful.
Your smile in that one is gorgeous!
Keep your beautiful chin up and keep moving forward.
You wouldn't treat asthma, cancer, or a heart attach by telling yourself to snap out of it or just get some rest.
You look a little nervous, but your eyeliner is on point and your pose says sass!
I don't see anything wrong with your eyes!
You have a beautiful smile!
Your hair is super pretty!
I just need to comment, you have like...the best teeth ive ever seen, ever.
I like your hair.
I'm so jealous of your eyebrows and overall look.
Wow your lips are enchanting and your whole face and look are absolutely lovely!!
Your hair is awesome and so is your piercing.
I'm sorry I'm sure you'll find someone even more amazing in your eyes.
Hold your head up strong.
I would be hypnotized by your eyes but your nose is incredibly cute too.
I’m an old guy but you have a very cute face and nice hair.
You have a unique gorgeous face, and I like your style too!
Your hair is glorious and you look fabulous.
Love your hair and eyes and you really put yourself together well.
Glad I read the text, I was going to ask if you and Ke$ha have the same makeup artist, ha.
Your eyes and hair are beautiful and this picture is something to behold, glad you shared.
You have a very nice smile :) You also look like you've got a lot of determination.
If you don't mind me asking, what is your plan for losing the extra weight?
I don’t see extra weight, you look great already.
Your glasses complement your face nicely.
Also, your hair color is very pretty.
Chin up girl, youll make new friends in no time, get out there and be yourself, be confident in yourself your very pretty!
You are such a beautiful gorgeous young lady with a very charming face, and I already wish I could get to know you better!
Just keep your head held high you got this.
You have really dreamy eyes.
You have a kind face, really beautiful eyes.
That hint of hope in your face, hold onto that!
You look kind and handsome, I really like the beard.
since most people already said something about your eyes, nice shirt!
That dress suits you perfectly.
The key to your happiness is to go out and help others.
Not the douchey hipster type barista but the kind who remembers your name and favorite drink.
Your handsome and have hair to be envious of...
And something about your eyes tells me you're a genuinely good person.
What is your size, current weight and goal weight if it’s not a secret?
It actually looks good on you with the smile.
You're beautiful and your hair and makeup both look amazing!!
I love your contagious smile, you are strong and you will get through this.
Your glasses, hair and gorgeous eyes makes you so cute :) I hope that you will feel better.
You look beautiful and sweet af but bad ass enough to kick anyone's ass.
You look amazing and your crush is lucky to see such a bright and heartwarming smile.
You look so beautiful it really suits you and makes your eyes pop.
You look like my buddy Dom Dom's a handsome ass dude You're a handsome ass dude
As "Emmythehooligan" has already said sometimes "in our head we are own worst critic" but could that thought change into something totally different as you being your best fan, the one that is always cheering for you, the one that always helps you when you're down and the one that will always help you when you just want to give.
It'll be a huge relief when you're done and get to go home and curl up on the couch with a movie:) just don't overdo your studying or it'll stress you out more
Keep your head up.
Take extra time washing your face and brushing your teeth and making yourself feel good about you before leaving the morning, and have a nighttime routine.
I know it feels like life sucks so badly right now, but as someone recently in your shoes, I’m here to tell you: the world is still out here, and it’s even more beautiful than you remember it— treat yourself kindly and work towards something that would make you happy.
Yeah but that's just the world telling you to move on and not waste your heart on someone who isnt worth it.
Then when you are self-sufficient, and you find someone who makes you want to share in that happiness, THAT is when the real magic happens!
Maybe that could help you a lot with your happiness.
It isn't easy really going through to process involved to figuring life out and making that choice to ensure you have the support you need as well as some guidance is fantastic!
The fact you're going to therapy is a great step to be able to unwind and get all you're going through off your chest.
Lastly, you may have been happy with the dick you had, but the dick it was attached to never learned to appreciate the person who warmed it.
Forget his stupid face and everything, and try to enjoy your new life because you really deserve it.
Chin up youngin, you got a whole lotta life ahead of you and you should try to embrace it with a smile, as hard as that is sometimes.
You're absolutely gorgeous and your hair rocks!
Hopefully you can find some happiness that helps overcome that but for now whenever those thoughts come try to think of where you want your life to head and what you can achieve.
Try to hold your head up you're a strong person for going back and standing up for yourself by leaving.
Your eyes steal the show, they're incredible.
Your hair and lips are amazing too!
Lastly love yourself and plan to make changes in your life to give yourself some peace and happiness!
You look very stylish (the hair is great) and you just seem like the kind of person to give good hugs.
And your haircut is really cool.
Your makeup is on point.
You look like someone who's spent years perfecting makeup art.
I love your eyes too
Your hai/lips are looking good!
Plus your haircut is AMAZING (but I like that hair style anyway so I may be biased).
You can get any girl dressing all snappy like that, and the girls worth dating love glasses.
Don’t let one break up stop you from happiness.
I bet you have a personality to match!
[At least you like radio head.. you got that going for you] (
Though I am disinclined to believe out of hand that you have no friends, I'm not qualified to make assertions about the truth of your perception of your social and emotional circumstances.
There are moments when the prospect of going on just seems ridiculous, yet the heart just keeps right on beating in your chest, like a stubborn idiot with no situational awareness.
Make no mistake: your mind is the hare in this race, and your heart is the tortoise.
While your mind is wrapped up in the hubris of its narrative of exigencies, your heart will keep beating steadily, oblivious to distraction, until those exigencies have passed and new ones have come to take their place.
But facts are facts, and the fact is that for a whole hour, you had actually moved on and lived your own life in your own skin.
All the mental stuff, it's in your head.
Keep your head up buttercup!
You can always get your long hair back, but embrace the time you have to try out some new looks!!!
Also your smile is infectious.
You showed them you don't need a buzzcut to get one and that hair looks nice on you.
Your hair looks amazing!
Short hair works, your face can roll with Pixie cute or more like 80's power woman easy.
The little thing that come from life that shock and surprise you and summon your laugh and smile from deep beneath the snow.
I love your eyeliner!
I think the short hair is great, it fits your face shape really well.
I absolutely love your hair!!
I love your freckles!!
You'll find someone who appreciates you alot, cuz you seem like you have a beautiful soul :)
(Plus it really suits your face mine is too round but it looks adorable on you!)
Your eyes are stunning.
There's a place for you on /; I know they'd appreciate your hair.
Even in a dimly lit photo you are glowing and radiant, he will soon realize his mistake and by that time you will be so much better off you’ll not even bat an eye.
You have some rockin eyebrows and your freckles are adorable.
With a smile like that you must be a lovely person to be around.
your eyeliner is BANGIN omg also sometimes people’s hair doesn’t suit them but i feel like your face and your hair match perfectly??
I think it's fabulous, and your eyeliner is perfection.
I like your hair.
They don't have to wear your hair.
But my point is that your hair is beautiful, as is the rest of you, so don't take negative internet comments seriously because that's just other people projecting their insecurities onto you.
I'm from the internet and I think your hair looks great!
Can't personally tell from these photos anything weight-gain-wise other than your face looking maybe a bit fuller but you definitely are looking better and healthier!
If you really want to worry about your weight, do that later.
And remaining clean is more important to your health than a little bit of weight gain.
Also, I'm sure your body will continue to change until it settles on a long-term phase of being clean.
The length of your hair aligns with your eyes.
Adds symmetry and really makes your eyes pop!
Okay first, your eyes are straight up gorgeous.
Second, your hair makes them pop even more.
And as this is / , let me say that your nails at expertly trimmed and neat.
It’s hard to tell from the pic, but it looks like it might be a little loose on your finger?
I’d die for your hair!
Your hair looks gorgeous, it's a really beautiful color!
You have a beautiful smile as well 💙
The blue hair really brings out your blue eyes too.
Beautiful hair and nice eyes :) keep your head up!
Holy crap, your hair looks so COOL.
Your eyes and smile are absolutely adorable, and you seem like a really cool and fun person to hang out with!
Fam, you look amazing in that dress, no lie.
Please don't be nervous to try out some other cute dresses and the like, they fit you really well 👌🏻.
Don't be afraid to experiment with different combinations and looks as well, you look like the kind of person who can pull it off so that's amazing, I'm really happy for you.
Your selfie game is on point, and your makeup is well placed as well.
Hopefully after this first time you can wear as many dresses as you want.
You look wonderful in that dress!
You don’t need a friend to reassure you of your selfies, you need a modeling agent and a warrant cus it’s a crime that your face isn’t in magazines.
You totally rock dresses
You look amazing and I love the dress.
You have the body of a Cat walk model so own it!
Yes, you can wear your dresses now.
Your face is perfect.
You even made me smile with the GIF which was difficult to achieve today.
I actually think you have quite a petite feminine frame, not masculine at all.
Did someone tell you that you have a masculine/wide body?
That’s a very flowy feminine dress and it fits you well.
And, I can’t see your little finger, but the rest of you is not even remotely masculine.
And dresses are great for making you feel super feminine somehow.
I'm sure you should wear it in public, so many more people can see that sweet dress on that good looking girl.
First of all I realy like the dresses you two are wearing.
And your lips look fitting and very nice :) I also realy like your eyes (on the right).
I like your style and hair.
I love love love love your eye make up.
To me you have the body of a model long legs and a slim body.
Shame we couldn't see your face but from what I can see you pull off that outfit very well.
Your body is very petite and feminine!
You look great and it’s so good of you to face your fears!
You look amazing in that dress!
You can pull off a dress, and you don't even need the sweater!
There's nothing masculine about your figure!
You look amazing in that dress and I'm sure you'll turn more than a few heads.
I'm sure you look beautiful in dresses.
You totally fit into that dress!
You are beautiful and you rock that dress!
If your body looks too masculine then just call me Arnold Schwarzeneggar because you have the body of a doll
Judging from the shape of your legs you're not "musculine" at all.
You look amazing in that dress!
I'm sure you can ask people that know this stuff how to flatter your body type, but mostly for reassurance.
You do not have a masculine body.
You have a beautiful feminine frame.
Your body is gorgeous!
Body shape is healthy and not even worth thinking about on your end except for positive acceptance.
You have a beautiful body, and I hope you will learn to see it as such.
I assure you, that dress don't make you look masculine at all.
The dress looks stunning on your long lean frame.
The dress fits you very well, you look great :) Merry Christmas!
Your body appears very feminine to me
I think this dress looks amazing... would be interested to see what you look like in others if you really think that is true because I don't see it at all.
I opened your link (just the picture) awhile ago and was just going through my tabs just now trying to figure out what it was that I clicked on to get to this picture of a beautiful girl in a dress :)
I'm sure that you will turn heads wherever you go!
Your dress looks great on that body!
Beauty being in the eye of the beholder, there are many thousands that will fine you attractive or unattractive no matter who you are, what you look like, or what you wear.
wait what you look stunning in that dress!
Hate to break it to you but your body type is exactly what dresses are made for.
The dress becomes you very well!
I love your body type.
I want to invite you inside where it is warm so you lose the cardigan and the dress can take full effect.
And, unrelated, but you have very nice legs!
It is incredibly difficult and sad; but if you continue to be the caring, considerate person you are, you will live without regret and find happiness in someone again someday.
I wish you both the best fortune and happiness.
You may come up with different goals, but for me it was to improve myself physically, and to work on some ideas I had floating around in my head (I'm a web developer).
As for the cold feet, you avoided a massive red flag.
Dear Yugi, I’m not a mod and I hope I won’t get my ass kicked for saying this but: feel free to talk about whatever you want.
I can’t describe it properly but I love the small hole next to your smile on the right, it’s cute!
Also your smile is adorable.
You also have a very lovely smile - seriously braces or not it's so warm and happy!
Also your teeth are so nice and straight.
Very pretty, the short haircut is great on you (because short hair can be tricky), and you have a small red nose you look like a Disney princess!
Keep your head up (: You're very pretty and I love your hair style.. the effortlessly messy/tossled look!
Enjoy life, discover new things in your life (what you like, want, ...) but you won’t be single for long when you use those eyes to attract people!
I'm sure it feels pretty awful getting judged for your race by a group of also highly judged people that you're apart of - especially considering where you live.
Hang in there and enjoy your kick ass surroundings.
Hair comes and goes and to be honest you can rock the short hair.
I bet that we all don't see what you do, that's the beauty of human kind.
Also, your hair and scruff is dope sir.
Seriously I’m really jealous of your thick curly hair.
My girlfriend peeked over my shoulder, saw your picture, and started asking questions.
By the way, she says your hair is gorgeous.
Your hair is absolutely beautiful!
Your eyes and lips are unfair good.
Seriously though your facial structure is great, and you have amazing eyes, plus you've got great hair and facial hair.
You are very blessed with this hair and I am excited you're embracing it!!!
Girl how have you *not* gotten much feedback ur hair is amazing!
I love your curls!
Side note, you have stunning skin.
Your hair is gorgeous!
Girl, your curls are out of this world.
Thank you for all the kind words everyone.
I can see it in your eyes!
Uglyness is subjective and just because you don't have perfect teeth, perfect body, and perfect clothes doesn't mean you're ugly.
And you are ofcourse allowed to excuse yourself with tears and sobbs cueing orderly from your soul.
I have nothing but pure respect for what I just read, the fact that you don't regret the decision not just for you but because you think it's best for the kids really shows the kind of thoughtful truly wholesome person you are.
Hey - you look totally like the kind of guy I would have a beer or two in a noisy pub and have fun with, and then have a walk talking about girls, sports and metaphysical stuff.
They compliment your face shape perfectly.
You have really nice facial features(especially your nose.
People won’t know what’s going on in your head, speak to friends / family / strangers, there are many good people who’ll be there for you.
I hope you grow a big smile on your face.
I’m fascinated by your pupils though and wonder if there is some kind of glitch in the matrix.
You have a wonderful smile though.
And making this post here just shows what a kind soul you have.
You have such a radiant smile!
Keep your head up, you've got a bright future :)
you have gorgeous green eyes!
I agree about your eyes,your beautiful!!
This picture made me smile, your smile is so genuine!
If you want to talk about the date afterward I’m here to lend a listening ear!
:) Your eyes are gorgeous!
It would be a blessing to be your friend and experience the happiness and smiles I'm sure you bring to people :) happy holidays!
I hope my compliment helps you in the long run as my friends helped me: you are good looking, and have beautiful eyes.
It may feel like dragging feet through sand but sooner or later you'll go on a date with someone who will change your life (in a good way!).
P.s you have the cutest smile on this subreddit but keep that between me and you
Trust me though, you look lovely, try not to base your own opinion on your appearance based upon how you think you should look.
You have such a sweet, genuine smile!
You have gorgeous eyes and lashes for day.
I love your smile and your skin is flawless!
No way, great hair and eyes, all you need to add is a smile!
Hey on the plus side, you have exetremely beautiful eyes!
It only works if you take their ugly words to heart.
And it’s gonna look so good on you alone with that cuts smile.
Not a hair out of place and not to mention your makeup looks flawless.
I'm usually no good with compliments but you have really pretty eyes.
I wish that you could see your jaw, chin, flawless skin, and fluttery eye lashes, like we do.
First off your red hair is lush a shiny.
Your eyes are a beautiful green.
Your face is very symmetrical.
(Even science says you're beautiful) You have clear and visually soft skin.
Can't see the rest of you, but going off what I can see, I'd say your body is hangin' to.
Thanks for sharing OP, you brought a large smile to my face.
Your smile is contagious!
Thank you for the kind wishes and Happy Holidays to you as well!
I wish you'd smile to add some colour to that inner sigh You look like Spiderman's muse energetic as a safecracker's fuse In another form you glide across the Milky Way Planets in spiral formation Worlds of birth, and nuclear decay Heavenly peace beneath the constellation You glide in galactic orbit, but we are captive bred Surrounded by ghosts and infrared Starlit in ultraviolet, you pilot into the unseen Lips all poignancy and eyes a-gleam one of the beautifullest things I've ever seen!
BUT if I ever catch you outside of this sub saying that you "can't stand your face" We are going to have a fight!!
Your makeup is beautiful; not only do you look great in it, to me it symbolizes that you want to bring your best to each day.
No one will ever be more biased about your appearance as you.
I’m so jealous of your makeup skills!!!
You eyes tell me you're a confident young woman, maybe not quite right now, but I feel like you believe you can overcome this and any troubled patch.
Your slightly mischievous smile mirrors how the future and the world smiles upon you, cause a confident and powerful woman can take on the world.
Your eyes alone would have me fumbling words in your presence.
Your skin is so smooth and radiant.
Your hair color reminds me of fall in Michigan...which by the way is breathtaking, but you know...
Your eyes are very beautiful, your smile is captivating, and any room you'd walk into, you'd instantly bring a smile to everyone's face.
You got good hair man!
In most of your photos you are smiling, with a great smile I might add, so you seem like a fun person to be around in general.
You are young, keep your head up buddy and I promise you good things will come your way!
We attract the kind of energy we put out, if you can start taking note of the little things and little “wins” you have throughout your day, your positive energy will surely shine and you will find that the ladies will start flocking to you!
Well I have no idea what your standards are, but you're rocking the beard!
Your beard is already bad ass, but with some beard wax that baby would be unmatchable!
This may be a blessing in disguise and lead you to someone who is *actually* what you’re looking for and will admire than manly ass beard you have there!
In a poorly lit photo your eyes are still standing out, you gotta love that!
You have a very kind and gentle smile, you seem like someone who would genuinely care for some else and be there in a time of need.
Keep your chin up buddy, you got this!
You have kind eyes and a gentle soul so don’t lose hope.
I hope you post another moment of joy next year because I can't get enough of your smile :)
you look young and still have hair in your 30s congrats.
Own your unique hairstyle, it's awesome!
You looks so happy in this pic and cheerful it makes me smile.
If you fall it's not the end of the world you can just face it and show how much better you are than that.
Your smile made me just as happy as last time :)
Also you pull of that nose ring well typically I don't like the actual ring ones but it's quite cute on you.
I guess the best you can get out of this is to remember to keep a back up.
and I like your freckles :)
Keep that smile, let the mustache grow, and let the fierce hair flow like you don’t care!
You have a warm and friendly face.
You have such a sweet smile, if I wasn’t married I would most certainly chat you up!!
You’re a lovely human being and I’m proud of you for facing life.
You seem to be the type of person that takes initiative (supporting someone through school, starting new meds), so in time you'll figure out what you want and how to do that instead.
Your body might not be used to all the groovy new chemistry that's in there, and that can have some weird side effects - feeling panicked being one of them.
Keep your head up good brother
Your hair is gorgeous.
Same to you and your handsome face!
LOVE your glasses and your teeth are sooo perfect!
I promise you that when your stressors lessen your weight will to.
I love your smile.... Super gorgeous....
Even your eyes are out of this world.
You look like you have a kick ass personality too.
Things will get better, keep your chin up!
*virtual hug* Also, I really like your hair.
Your hair looks cool.
Hopefully you can be back on your feet before you know it.
I think people in this thread can tell that you have a certain kindness on you, and that makes you worth so much in this shit hole.
Also, you have incredible hair, I’d do so much for that kind of volume.
Your arms make me think you would give awesome hugs irl.
Not to mention your fantastic hair!
Stay awesome, just like your hair!
I think you have a very pretty smile, and a very pretty face all together.
You look beautiful and I love your eyes!
And your hair is pretty awesome because I’ve been trying to get my hair to do the same
You have beautiful, big eyes, pretty hair, a lovely smile, and a defined chin that round faced girls like me would KILL to have!
As a male who struggles to smile due to issues with his teeth (forward canines stick out a bit causing an awkward look) I know how you feel and can definitely relate, but I think your teeth look good and you have a beautiful smile!
Because you’re a wonderful person and you deserve happiness.
Your eyes I'm lost.
Your mouth is not your only smiling feature.
Your beautiful eyes smile too!
I'm sorry things are hard but you deserve nothing but happiness.
Your smile is gorgeous.
I struggle to smile bc of teeth issues but I will get them fixed soon and be able to smile as beautifully as you do.
Always remember that smiling helps to put people at ease, attracts others to you (not because of the way you look), and most importantly; makes you feel better about yourself and the world!
I love your eyebrows!
You have such a beautiful smile!
Thank you for laying those angel eyes upon us.
Keep your head up.
You are not a fat ass, you are a very beautiful woman.
I know your 2018 will be filled with pictures of happiness and that beautiful smile.
Please work on removing yourself from your stressors and working on true happiness.
But use that as motivation to chase your own personal happiness.
You look like you're in phenomenal shape &amp; your smile is absolutely wonderful.
you have a lovely smile and i love your hair and you’re so pretty.
I am happy for you because what you did takes self-respect, bravery and confidence that what your heart is telling you to do is the right thing.
you have such a warm smile and you’re totally adorable.
don’t listen to your dad, appearance isn’t everything and you’re beautiful how you are, gurl.
Smile though, because you only live once :)
You have the sweetest eyes and your hair looks awesome.
You get to find what makes you happy, makes your soul sing, what drives you to be the best you.
Honestly, you’re making me lonely with your pretty face.
You post in work gear, with gloves on, patting a cow... with that cheeky little smile of yours.
Someone mentioned it before but you do have an awesome smile!
You are a handsome dude with a great smile.
Your hair, lips, and eyes are gorgeous!
Dear OP, you have wonderful eyes, your features show a softness and kindness that is gained through introspection when considering your own needs against the needs of others.
I hope you find others that help you to find the love for yourself... for that kindness (paired with an awsome NASA jumper!)
Your hair is pretty cool, no excusing necessary.
Those teeth could be in a toothpaste commercial :) And your eyes look friendly.
Cutting your hair (or shaving it) seems logical to me, it’s not a mistake!
Time will bring your hair back just as the rest of you heals and it’ll be like physically seeing your life recuperate.
You have a wonderful smile and your hair looks amazing.
Your teeth look so white as well, and that's really hard to get to.
So much light and warmth exudes from your smile.
I’m sure of this because if you were to step back, and see the whole picture you would see the same thing we can see... You’re beautiful and you light up any screen or room that you grace with that million dollar smile.
Your hair is beautiful and I honestly don’t know whether to lose myself in your eyes or your smile.
You have a remarkable smile and a sparkle in your eyes (no, not just the lighting of the pic, something much more).
You are charming and articulate (you even put one in numbered items - a man after my heart).
Just rock your personality and you'll be fine!
I don't typically comment on these posts but you really caught my eye, so I hope that says something.
Your hair is very nice and you're so cute.
Oh man, you are so pretty it's crazy you can't see it... it doesn't even look like you are wearing makeup either.
Your hair looks so smooth and long... also lovely eyebrows.
You have a beautiful smile and adorable dimples.
I love your hair and your eyes are deep.
I love your hair.
For me, it helps to remember that that's body shaming, and anyone who shames people for physical attributes they can't change isn't worth your time.
Okay, but can we talk about your dimples?
* And your *hair!
You’ll kill the other men with your beard while seducing their women with your hair.
I am so jealous of your eyebrows.
They brighten up your face.
Your teeth are so white and straight.
Your hair looks amazing.
Your look and your face.
Seeing that you're wearing a Hogwarts shirt, I would have to guess you're a hufflepuff and the reason you said you're only pretending but that must be for the person taking this which means you must really care about other people, I also think you're comb over/ quiff ( I don't know hair styles really suit you with your glasses
You have a great beard, a warm smile, you strike me as someone who can light up a room with energy if your heart is in it.
Maybe it's your beard, maybe it's your smile and the fact your eyes show you do that a lot.
I love your hair style you pull it off very well.
As for your job you have time to figure out what you want to do.
Also your smile is really something incredible.
Your hair could have its own TV show, it's amazing.
Your hair is so long and pretty, and your smile is gorgeous!
You look freaking gorgeous with that carefree smile!
I'm proud of you, stranger:D Also, your mustache is amazing
Your confidence and happiness exudes in your smile!
Hold your head up high and keep going!
This fat guy thinks you're gorgeous.Your eyes, your hair, your face, just wow.
Such beauty in those eyes It is better than first prize You are truly unique I wish I could give your thoughts a peek All the wonders they must contain I'm sorry you are in pain You deserve so much more Because I bet that deep in your core There is alot more to you than you think I wish I could give you a wink To let you know That you got a special glow Poems aside - I think it's so awesome that you did well and that the info therapy and everything!
And you got the cutest smile ever!!
If you ever need someone to talk to, just to vent or share deep thoughts or ask random things that pop into your head or need a cyber-hug - just message me :-).
You have great hair for starters!
Your bone structure is flawless.
Your brow game is perfect.
Your teeth look amazing.
Your skin is so smooth and clear.
That hair color and style looks amazing on you and compliments your face so much.
Your eye shape is also stunning.
You glam up really well, I adore your hair.
I think you have amazing eyes, and are just cute in general.
Although, you give off that kinda “shy but super down to earth and kind” look, if that makes sense.
I love your glasses and your eyebrows and your makeup.
Your hair is bomb dude
Think of your happiness first before worrying about whether someone will think you're being silly.
Also, your hair looks awesome!
You deserve a bit of happiness in your life, friend.
And I'm sure your face is great :)
Keep your head up.
I love your hair!
Firstly, you have a great jawline, and you’re eyes are beautiful!
It’s possible that this under appreciated feeling you have is your loved ones finding your kindness and helpfulness you provide so normal they forget to appreciate it.
You’ll look in he mirror and smile when you see your reflection.
Keep your head up, and keep rocking those glasses :)
I can tell you have a beautiful soul, and I’m sure a beautiful face to match.
Also I'm not that big on nose piercings (I don't really care for them) but it compliments you well.
I know this post was about your hair but my god your skin is beautiful &lt;3
Love your eyes and tossed hair, got a casual and cute thing going.
Your beard is very nice and accents your natural features smoothly too!
Keep your head up!
No, you’re totally adorable, I love your curly hair!
You got a lovely smile.
I hope you find that happiness
I think that depends on your own frame of mind once you heal.
You're the unique kind of person that a smile shines out from your eyes.
You also have amazing clear skin (I hope that's not too weird to say), and gorgeous hair!
You might not conquer all your goals but you're heading in the right direction and I'm cheering for you.
I hope your true form includes your friendly eyes and smile.
We’ve got your back.
Get washed, get dressed, and ideally get your shoes on.
Shoes say ‘I’ve got places to go’ and will make you more motivated to get moving.
It will get your heart rate up and helps to improve mood.
When I look at what you wrote down, your personality shines through and I think you're great.
You have a very friendly face and a warm smile.
I'm also diggin' the little beard you're rocking and the great shape of your eyebrows.
You have to be pretty confident to do that to your body and give No-Fucks about consequences afterwards... Love life... Job market... With that being said; I wouldn't be mean to you, but I wouldn't hire or date you either.
dude, it’s your body and you can do whatever you want with it.
Fun hair, great eyes and I love that top; you look great!
I think you are BEAUTIFUL and I wish I could do my eyeliner half as well as you because it looks amazing.
Your dad's wrong, that hair style really suits you!
It's like a pixie cut, really compliments your eyes too.
You should wear what you want and cut your hair how you want, you'll look stunning regardless.
You don't look even remotely like a boy and I think your hair looks great!
You can absolutely pull off that hair cut.
You have a very cute nose too.
I say wear what you feel comfortable in, and keep rocking the hair!
I like your style, makeup, peircing and hair!
The hair creates an edgy look and by way of contrast draws attention to your femanine features.
You have great lips btw :)
Your hair looks sick!!
You know your hair is fab, let me say your eyes and smile couldnt betray the challenge you must feeling.
Not to mention your great pixie cut accentuates your big eyes and great eyebrows!!
Your face is lovely, you've mastered eye makeup (that winged eyeliner, I could never get it so right!
), the nose ring is a great accent, and altogether with your hair (the color of which I also love) you look wonderful.
I really admire your confidence and believe you absolutely rock your hair!
You explained in a comment that your dad thinks women should have long hair.
Perhaps find it in your heart to forgive him for his short-sightedness!!
I'm sure it feels nice to not have any strands tickle your face!!
If you want a compliment, I think you’ve got heart for admitting you’re having problems and asking for help.
If you get a wild hair up your ass, just move and figure things out as you’re going.
So, I'm just sittin' here, thinking of wonderful things say to you but being afraid that it will fall onto deaf ears.
I can see that you care about people and will actually be there for them in mind, spirit, and soul!
Your wide eyes and natural smile compliment your personality perfectly.
Seeing your morning smile offers reassures that no matter what life may throw our way it will always harbour amazing beauty.
I've since learned that the true value of a person comes from what's beneath their skin and not at all based on what's on your skin.
Hey man, you know what they say about being young at heart.
But on a a more serious note.. Do you make eye contact?
Escaping your asshole manager and helping your wife's career.
Let loose this weekend and smile until your face hurts!
What I'm saying is, a job is for a couple years but your daughters happiness and respect?
If she doesn't, then it's much better to know now than have the life sucked out of you for the next few years until the situation blows up in both your faces.
Just every once in a while, when it occurs to you, breath really deeply through your nose, hold it a sec or two, then slowly exhale through your mouth.
I really do urge you to see if your insurance allows for any kind of therapy and talk to your doctor.
Sometimes it’s our own warped perspective that makes us feel like others don’t love us, so talk to your wife about it, it’s better than having that on the back of your head every moment you spend with her.
But your beautiful eyes are beautiful all the time!
You can style your hair super easily (faux hawk!).
This girl is super jealous of your eye lashes!
You look great with it though, like the cut really goes well with the shape of your face.
The same way you would if you had a chronic skin condition or broken leg.
It's not your skin or legs' fault.
Embrace your introverted personality.
I'm sorry you are facing these things no one deserves to think those thoughts.
Everyone feels like that sometimes, just keep your head up and think about the good thing of life!
You may feel like your in the eye of a storm, but there is always a way out.
You need to know that you are a wonderful person, full of fun, joy, and great personality.
I want to tell you that you have a soft soul- I can tell that by your eyes and the warmness you posess in your photo.
I can't remember who said that but it rings true to me when I look down at my arms and legs and feel the same that you do.
I like the shape or your glasses, you've got pretty eyes!
You are very pretty and your eyebrows are on point.
Your curls are perfect and you have a look that others would kill to have.
Not that your hair looks bad, but sometimes changing things up can feel fresh and revitalize your life.
Looking at your picture, You have a very good facial structure- great eyebrows, very beautiful eyes.
DM me if you need to talk, im all ears :) And Have a Great Day!
Wear whatever you want to honestly, the makeup looks good on you~ No one has the right to tell you not to wear something or not to post something just because they don’t like it.
No matter what though you are still you and that's what makes you beautiful weight or not.
You know how there was that faze where people would do crazy things to make their lips look like Kylie Jenner?
You have lips that many people would simply love to have.
You eyes are totally captivating!
Your hair looks so luscious.
Your makeup looks professionally done.
People will be patient with you, you'll find friends and happiness and right now you just need to breathe a bit.
Dating is frustrating like that, you can be kind with amazing hair and eyes and it's not the right fit anyways.
You have very beautiful blue eyes :)
Not only that but we've all you've gone through, with the progress, the set-backs, the restarts... every step you've shown great strength being there with and for your family.
You're a beautiful soul with a heart big enough to face these challenges; I hope you find a little bit of luck to ease some of these stresses :)
It really hard to go face to face with the things in our past and you have done that and have turned your life around.
And your eyebrows are 👌
I love your haircut, and the shadow of a smile on your face and in your eyes.
Maybe you're not so familiar with your face after the weight loss!
You've a great body type for wrestling&amp;rugby, so keep it up because you already look strong!
Your caution and reserve will still be there for you should you need them, they will step right back up and fight for you again.
Holding you in my cyber-arms.
They would have wrapped their loving arms around you and held you tight and protected you.
You’ve been given a huge gift, this life... and it’s up to you to open your eyes to it’s magnificence, no matter what’s happened to you.
It would have been so easy to let yourself succumb to addiction to numb yourself--drug, alcohol, or hate--but clearly you have shouldered past the temptation every single time and continued to move forward.
Your hair's fly AF.
Love your glasses and you have a wonderful smile
I can't imagine being in your shoes.
Your eyes are gorgeous...
You seem like a smart, caring, and kind individual.
You're strong already, and you can create an environment in which is based in kindness and acceptance.
Cheers to you and your beautiful face!
I want your skin, seriously flawless.
you look beautiful i love your eyes and your smile made me smile 😊
I'm digging your hair
Your eyes are so bright and your smile is so infectious.
Your blue hair looks amazing!
You are all amazing people &lt;3 and for those going through a breakup as well, just keep your head up and find some people that would be willing to help you get through such a rough time, I promise it gets better over time
You have such a sweet smile!
I’m in love with your hair.
Also your glasses are rad, I want to go back to half-frames at some point.
You have a very kind and gentle face ☺️ (p.s.
Your hair, glasses, eyes, skin and overall appearance is on point.
The people bullying you are assholes and jealous that you have the confidence to be you.
Your eyebrows are perfection and you're SO good looking.
Also I love the natural shape your eyebrows have!
Wow, SO jealous of your skin - it looks absolutely flawless!
I'd go out with you if I could :-) Your hair is so long, I love it!
you have a very pretty nose!!!
it really suits and compliments your face, you're gorgeous!
Love you homie keep your head up.
It's beautiful so if you can just smile.
We're so lucky you blessed us with this cute selfie first ;3 Love the piercing too.
Don't worry eventually you'll be back to your healthy self and you'll start kicking ass again!
I love your eyes, lips, and hair!
Your style compliments you so well and you've got wonderful eyes/brows, glorious hair, and a unique and beautiful lips.
And then you top it off with the cat ears, you're almost too much.
You've got a chill vibe and your facial hair (especially your brows) is awesome.
All the more reason to gain whatever it is you think you suck at--like your sense of intelligence, self worth, body image, adequacy, intimacy, relationships, etc I know it's pretty fucking hard to get out of this mindset, or at least learning to manage it, but please find it in yourself to try because you deserve it.
Am super jealous of your brows.
Yep, you got amazing brows.
Keep your head up, keep on grinding.
You have such clear skin I'm jealous.
You have cute bed head and are so naturally pretty without makeup.
You naturally have very pretty lips and I bet a great smile to match!
Also, your hair looks super thick and healthy, even without brushing.
Not bad, stand up straight, and do something with your hands so they aren't just there!
Gotta day the messy hair style is something I love personally also you have deep beautiful brown eyes.
Whatever hard things you are facing right now I’m wishing you all the strength to face them head on.
You have kind eyes and seem like a genuine, down to earth, good guy.
I can see that you are a sensitive person, do not be afraid to show it, you are magnificent and beautiful, with or without makeup (: Cheer up!!
If you'd like to talk to someone new feel free to PM me on here, I have lots of pictures of my puppy that will melt your heart!
And with skin so great, I really doubt you need makeup!
You have beautiful dark eyes and you seem like an approachable person.
Your hair and skin look so healthy.
Your username says you're a princess, and makeup aside I can still absolutely tell
You are seriously beautiful, I wish I looked that good without makeup!
You eyes are amazing 😊
Start by setting very small goals for yourself - such as brushing your hair.
Once you accomplish that make sure to pat yourself on the back.
Also, depression is a disease and don't forget that even though it feels like it's all in your head and you might even be making it up.
You have a very kind face, someone I could just chat with for hours.
Your face is great after all!
You deserve the same kindness ❤️
You look great :) I’m envious of your dark hair and tan skin ❤️.
You look like a totally normal person with a very nice face.
And I really dig your facial hair, it's incredibly flattering.
I agree with the other commenter, your facial hair totally suits you.
You have soulful eyes, and you remind me of Orlando Bloom.
I don't know if you've been told this before, but you have a *very* friendly face.
Even though you haven't tried at all on your appearance, you're still a super adorable woman!
Regardless of the depression, you look like you've got a fire in your eyes.
You strike me as the type of person who is strong at heart, but doesn't realize just how strong she is because the world is, frankly, bullshit sometimes.
There is intelligence and a hint of sadness in your eyes.
You owe yourself a smile at least.
I think you have a wonderful bone structure to your face.
I also think you have a really pretty nose :)
Your eyebrows are freakin awesome!
Try the next one without the hood and standing in front of a bigish window facing it, i guarantee the results will make you smile.
Also, there's nothing wrong with heading out to a restraunt or bar or something on your own!
I'm absolutely jealous of your facial hair, you're rocking it so hard!
I'm sorry you're having a rough time of it dude, but try n keep your chin up and keep on keepin' on , bad shit in life can just be chalked up to expirience, in a couple years you'll be happy as can be and look back on this all as just another learning experience :)
(Also, your hair is breathtaking!)
The winter may be cool, but so is your hair, style, and username!
Your hair, your eyes, everything I'm in awe.
You don't need to always fake a smile.
And even though you're not smiling you still manage to look happy in this picture, your eyebrows are a total non issue
Your eyes are truely enchanting and your hair is so full and bouncy I feel like i want to play with it like a cat.
Your hair, your eyes, that smile and your make up game is ON POINT.
You say you're good at fake smiles, but faking it is also a reminder that you *can still smile*.
It is clear to me that with that big smile you are so strong and enable to fight all that 3 demons.
Your weight in pure gold!
Girl your hair is A MA ZING.
I mean you are also just lovely looking but man that hair!!
You’re a gorgeous person with a great personality and I’d be happy to talk to you if you ever need someone to talk to.
You are beautiful, with a smile that could make the angels cry, eyes that make the stars jealous.
Your eyes, lips, and hair are an absurdly potent combo.
I hope you find good health and supportive ears!
I'm jealous of your hair.
And i love the look on your face in this picture.
You have a nerdy kind of cute to you, which is the best kind, the one that implies innocence and kindness.
I love your hair and you have such a pretty face.
Your eyes are warm and open.
You are absolutely lovely, and your eyes could melt a soul!
You have such a kind smile!
To be honest it's we who need your smile because it looks infecteous, and you have the most piercing eyes.
Your freckles are super cool, Ive always been jealous of people with freckles!
Dude, you look like the cool micro brewery guys that are insanely popular (atleast in my circles), you have an amazing jawline and your eyes are a perfect fit for your face man 👌 Trust me, as a bi man I can tell you, a guy with your looks is not gonna leave any party alone.
And even after all this, just think about what you can do with your body now that you're not using anymore, your physique can be anything you want now.
TLDR: you have the face of a longboarding heartbreaker, and the strength of a great man
I love your hair and your eyes!
Your eyes are the color of sea glass, and you are rather handsome.
I can almost imagine you in a tux with no jacket, playing a stand up bass in a big band.
Dude your hair and eyes have a fucking perfect complimentary contrast, add to that that nice scruff you have going on and you have yourself an incredebly good looking guy, and Im glad to hear you are out of your depression, because I can tell you have a smile that'll make nun blush 👌 You lool great man, go show your smile!
And to top all of this off, you have the kind of lips that are put on fucking billboards with some pricy drinks, Your hair frames your face perfectly, amazing 👌 You have such a cute fucking nose too, just 👌, you have a cute nose, it's a great feature to have with glasses 👌 You'll be back at the gym in no-time and kicking more ass than ever!
Where did the shimmer in your eyes go?
Your hands on my waist, how you said you could wrap me up with one arm?
How you pressed me into the car door to kiss me on the neck and head and cheek and smiled so big?
You look like all the girls I had huge crushes on in school, just such a cute face!
The hair is really cool and you look happy, and thats pretty much everything I could ask for in a picture!
You already have that amazing glow of confidence, and a winning smile that shows so much strength!
Your body was in fight or flight mode, you werent about to sit down and give up, no, you were getting your kids to a safe place, you were thinking about what happens next, about where other people were ect.
Your body was focused on survival, and that is something you should be proud of.
Love your natural natural look, your hair has frame your face really well with great body and waves.
Your natural complexion really suits the colour of your lips and hair and given a reason to smile I can imagine your face really lighting up.
You're gorgeous without makeup I don't know how you looked with makeup but I always prefer a more natural look.
You have such pretty eyes too.
You say you gained weight but from this picture you still look extremely tiny so I think that's a good thing.
Not everyone likes people so skinny you can see their bones it just looks unhealthy imo.
You are the furtherest thing from unattractive, you have amazing clothing style and your smile makes me smile
Girl you have amazing cheekbones and a jawline that could cut diamonds!
And I personally love a girl in turtlenecks, so you obviously have style and look like the kind of girl you'd ask out only to realise how much cooler she is than you.
Your eyes are amazing, and your make-up is on point and you look like you could pick up a guy/o girl just by winking at them.
You look gorgeous, you could talk to someone for an hour and all they would do is stare at your lips.
You look great, and if I were you I wouldnt worry about weight, you look amazing, and as long as you feel like you are satisfied with it you'll be great.
You look well built, you have a fucking charming smile and you pull that scarf off like damn!
You obviously care for yourself and your body and it shows - you look fucking great.
You have beautiful face structure, your hair really compliments it!
You used available resources to figure out how to protect and what steps to take next.
Makeup may be nice but you definitely still look very beautiful without it!
You need to be exercising, like weight lifting for the rest of your life.
Nothing too major as you can easily hurt yourself lifting heavy weights even if you're strong enough to lift them(I learned that the hard way too), but the more muscle you build around your joints, the less likely they are to dislocate.
And as far as you gaining weight...you look incredibly thin as is so I don't think that's the end of the world as you could easily lose it at this point, just don't let it get out of hand.
I hope when you are feeling better you post a second time with smiling pic, look forward to see you smiling :)
You have beautiful lips.
It's difficult to know how you look through other people's eyes.
You're actually really beautiful even without makeup - I don't think you even need it.
And you (I assume) have documented your appearance thoroughly on social media.
That means in the future your great great granddaughters will be looking at your pictures hating their bodies and wishing they looked just like you.
As if you even need makeup ;)
I have a connective tissue disorder too (EDS) and I know full well how draining it can be on your body and your mental health.
It can be a very hard thing having to battle against your body every day, but you’ve done it this far and that makes you incredibly fucking strong!
Your lips are absolute perfection, as are your eyes, eyebrows and hair.
Your facial structure is amazing and you definitely don't need makeup anyways.
You look great without makeup regardless if that’s what makes you happy.
But if you like wearing makeup definitely ease yourself into it over time.
You look great regardless, I don’t see the gained weight you see, you’re being too hard on yourself.
You really don't need makeup anyways, like at all.
Your nose piercing is cool, and your hair compliments your face quite well.
You've had a difficult hand dealt to you, and you have my deepest sympathies.
Your heart is made of strong stuff, and I know that this, too, shall pass.
i love the look in your eye, also would you
You have to remember that hair is just dead stuff that grows from your scalp!
Beauty isn't about how long your hair is.
I've been where you are and I know it's really hard take a moment and reflect on what makes you happy and what makes you smile.
You're a very beautiful lady and I like your tattoos especially the one on your shoulder.
Thank you for making a post that made me smile and started my morning off right.
your hair looks all wild and cute and you´re just a beautiful girl!
Don’t pay attention to them, you look very beautiful, and you have such a nice smile!
You have nice hair, however, I would encourage you to know that your self-worth has less to do what random internet strangers say and much more to do with how you feel about yourself.
:) You look wonderful, you look happy, you look comfortable in your own skin.
The moment I saw your picture, you already melted my heart.
You have an infectious smile.
You're gorgeous, especially your lips, eyes, and hair...and you put yourself together so well.
You look so vibrant and your eyes and smile shine.
After reading both of your posts, I think you're a really genuine person with a really good heart.
You are a caring person, and I've no doubt your personality is a 12/10 and your humour a 13.5/10.
Don't just nod your head yes and pretend you were listening when you were actually thinking about the next thing to follow-up the conversation with.
What I mean by this is that make sure your leg isn't brushing up against hers, or that when you eat, you two are battling for arm space.
In summation: breathe, smile, take your time to talk and listen, and be yourself.
Boy, you are tall and have a good body.
you look clean and your smile can help people to have a good day.
I sincerely can't believe it with you though, you've got a kindly face and I don't know what world we're in when a handsome and respectable-looking guy like you can't find a girl.
From the outset, you look like you'd be the kind of guy girls always seem to want; smart, masculine, strapping, well-dressed and genteel.
Your eye liner is amazing and you look STUNNING.
Your makeup skills are fantastic and super enviable!!!
Hang in there, it may be rough right now but keep at it and hold your head high.
For now, your heart might be full of sadness, but if it's okay, I'd like to plant little seeds of love into your heart as well.
We feel your joy, your sadness, your anger, and your kindness and strength.
Don't be discouraged by the people who once claimed to be your "friend", but instead look forward without turning back, because you are 20 steps ahead of them all and going in the right direction while they're stumbling over their feet still trying to figure out who they are.
When others try to bring you down or make you feel like you don't belong, just remember that you are standing shoulder-to-shoulder with giants, and that you are worth every morsel of love ever present in our planet and beyond.
You look like Jenna Bush, who is pleasantly pretty :) Honestly, your weight looks fine to me.
The first thing that ran through my head was, you are an angel.
You have a brilliant smile that tickles my heart, and I wish more people would be lucky enough to see you like I see you now.
Your body and your mind are yours to control, and I know you've got what it takes in you to push through these moments of agony and fear and hopelessness, because I see that in you.
When I saw your smile, I immediately smiled back like you were really here.
You deserve all the love that I'm pouring out to you, you deserve the love that your family and friends are pouring out to you, and most of all (and maybe hardest to believe), but you deserve all the love that your own big heart has to give.
Keep your head up and shoot me a message if ever need to talk.
You have an amazing smile and an absolutely drop dead gorgeous face, it’s awesome you’re on the track to being more fit/eating healthy.
Your bodies just gonna take a LITTLE more time to catch up to your amazing progress.
:) keep your head up, feel free to DM me if you need somebody to talk to or want fitness advice.
You have great hair and a beautiful smile, and your weight looks great.
you have a beautiful smile
I don't like to comment on peoples bodies in general, but your smily is RADIANT.
Your hair is very pretty and looks well-cared for.
You even have gorgeous makeup, and I _love_ the top you're wearing!
Once you overcome your body’s idea of what your goal weight is, it’ll stop resisting and let you take charge.
I really like your smile and your look and I hope you the best.
You are drop dead gorgeous with such a sweet smile.
You might not have lost weight but I’d guess you gained a lot of muscle then.
As many people pointed, you have a very warm smile, you seem to be a very nice guy!
May the day bring you every happiness, large and small, to make it a memorable day!
If you want an “what would someone think when they pass me on the street” kind of view, based on your looks I would think that you are intelligent with a smart sense of humour.
Oh my goodness, your eyes are so pretty!!!
And I love your hair too!
I really like your eyes and your lipstick colour matches your complexion very well.
You have nice eyebrow too.
I don't think you need to be self conscious about your short hair, you have a nice jaw line, girls would kill for that.
Nevertheless, it's your body, if you feel it weird you can lose them again, it must be just because of stress.
Don’t beat yourself up over the weight gain because you just had a rough moment in your life and it’s okay.
Also I’m sure you can meet anyone with those amazing eyes.
Your face is so symmetrical, you look like a cute lil doll!
I love the little curl at the end of your hair!
I love your hair and freckles.
It's just bone density from how much tougher you are, beautiful.
Your eyeliner is amazing!
And your freckles are so cute
And how are your teeth so perfect?
You have a very bubbly personality that people can draw to.
PS, you have very sparkly eyes!
You look like a doll, your eyes are absolutely gorgeous.
I think you look very lovely, even with the weight gain, it doesn’t have to be a bad thing &lt;3
Geez you have some of the prettiest, brightest, bluest eyes I have seen
Your eyes are incredible!
Thank you so much for your post, it made me smile and even if only for just a quick moment, I felt an uplift in spirits immediately.
Keep your chin up, bud.
The camera loves you, your teeth and eyes are perfect.
You look like a good natured person with a sincere smile.
You're handsome and your smile is adorable at the same time.
I like your hair and your glasses, and you must have a lot of confidence as person to post such a picture.
Keep your chin up, handsome :)
You have such a joyful, contagious smile, and your teeth are so white too!
For the compliments - you're quite handsome, you have a great smile and you look like somebody that's really trustworthy!
Hope this post helps you smile when you see all the compliments you get today.
This too shall pass, keep your head up!
You have the sweetest smile!
Keep your head up!
You have a great smile and look like a friendly and approachable person.
Your eyes are beautiful, even with the sadness in them.
Dude you got this vibe that says let's go outside and just talk about life and figure shit out.
You seem like a kind person with a good sense of humor.
Your hair is very pretty and i love your eyes!
You have a warm smile that teaches your eyes.
You look super kind and have The nicest smile and eyes !
I have faith that you will very soon find a purpose, a goal to strive for, and something that makes you smile.
It'll be intrusive to you wanting to live your life to the fullest and love with all your heart.
 You're beautiful and you have amazing eyes!
You're a beautiful girl (seriously, your eyes, lips and hair are dreamy, it's a great face!)
Keep your head up!
Hey buddy, keep your head up!
You may not have figured out what to do with your life and general situation, and that's okay, too.
You will find a girl who cherishes you with all her heart, who will listen, who will make you breakfast in bed, and show you the beauty of life and what it's like to love.
While I don't experience this first-hand, I feel for you and others with this constant struggle, at times meaning life or death.
Your fake smile is so warm and friendly!
Your real smile must be amazing then :)
Your hair has a very johnny bravo feel to it and I really dig that!
I hope you find all the happiness in the world.
Your smile looks great and I hope that you get to show a real smile soon
Fuck man - I'm a guy and I'm jealous of your Hair!
Your hair is on point my friend!!
And you better not stop because that smile is really cute!
No more fake smiles (Even though your smile is lovely)!
Only real smiles, they'll make you feel better Suicidal thoughts are an uphill battle, stay strong.
I hope you post your true smile once you’re there.
Keep on smiling and let us know how you are doing!
Because life is never static and new personalities always seem to come in when you least expect it.
Also also, I run to keep my brain sane, so find those things that make your brain (and maybe your body) happy and I think it’ll make you smile, as well.
You have unbelievable hair friend.
Your eyes show the pain you have experienced, and i can relate to that suffering.
Your smile, however, brought a smile to my face.
Hey man, even if the smile is fake you have a wonderful smile.
Just a picture of you smiling has cheered me up.
Keep your head up!
Don't open your heart too wide.
How could you hate your face when you have eyes like those!!?
Keep your head up love!
Really love your smile it is gorgeous.
Your eyes and your hair look really pretty, I'm a sucker for dark eyes
Even if you weren't beautiful (dem cheekbones, dang), you've got a kind heart.
I snooped through your back posts a bit.
You can see the confidence on your face.
You turned a lot of heads today ya cutie.
You have such a beautiful smile.
You have a kind face.
No matter what, we’ve got your back!
I know depression can seem like a horrible master, but we’ve got your back no matter what.
You have a really expressive face, you're adorable.
You have such a charming smile.
All you need is a smile on your face.
You have such expressive eyes and you look so pretty.
I'm sure you'll find your soul mate sooner rather than later.
I can see it in the look on your face and the way you worded the title.
#1: I LOVE YOUR DIMPLES But you are not ugly friend, you seem extremely sweet and cute!
I see someone who is handsome, it looks like you take care of yourself and you have a smile that lights up the room (which so many people wish they had)!!!
Keep your smile on your face!
I think your eyes might just end the blue vs brown eyes debate forever.
On the case that it’s not appearance, know that the most important thing is friends and family and they want you in there lifes.
Love the eyes, your cute nose in your profile, the adorable scruffy beard, and your beanie!
I would totally bat a few eyelashes your way irl.
You have beautiful eyes and a nice smile.
Your eyes are incredible!
You sir have a nice head of hair.
Your hair is absolutely phenomenal (then and now)!
You're a very positive person and you project happiness and confidence but reveal your sadness which makes me think you're a deep thinker.
Your happiness and joy will return shortly; It's one of the great things about time.
Then you'll see that even when you're at your lowest you still have that smile and that passion; then nothing will stop you.
Also - that look is HELLA cute on you, and blue is SUCH a flattering color for your skin tone.
I know that noting how empirically beautiful you are would probably give you a temporary uplift in spirits and maybe even make you smile a little bit, but I truly think that you deserve respect and kindness directed at you as a *person* for your actions instead of what you look like.
You deserve love given to you because of what kindness and devotion you've given to your grandmother--who, undoubtedly, takes a lot of energy and time from you and your life.
You'll then experience ecstasy and happiness at such heights, that these moments of sadness you are feeling right now, will just become the stepping stones of your journey to discover who you truly are: a strong, courageous, giving, and kind-hearted woman of the rarest and most treasured kind.
you have a gorgeous smile and eyes that say you have a big heart.
I don’t know what it is exactly in your appearance but you just look like a good person, if that makes sense.
Keep your chin up and I hope things get better for you soon!
I think you have amazing dark brown eyes.
I like your clothing style, your eyes seem kind and dreamy, and your features are really charismatic.
You got a gorgeous nose!
You are headed in the right direction.
Anyone who's ever made you feel that way must've had their eyes painfully directed at themselves.
You are a beautiful human being with a beautiful soul, and I don't enjoy reading about how you think differently than I do, because your fears and insecurity about what you look like are something we all feel at one point or another in our lives.
You are breathtaking of a person and I'd frame you up in the Hall of Fame for the radiance of beauty you exude.
Sales really isn't easy, and if that comes easily to you, then please hook me up with what ideas/service you provide, because I'm 124% sure you're knocking everyone else on their feet.
Quite frankly, sales is a label akin to "human connection", and you know how to do that like the back of your hand.
Your eyes are really striking and nicely shaped, you are a very handsome man and there is no denying that.
You have a lovely smile, don’t ever let anyone take away the warmth that radiates from you.
Love the twinkle in your eye!
You should focus more on your personality and how you can become a better person because that's what counts the most when trying to find someone :)
You also have a very warm smile.
Grief is your body's way of cementing a person into your mind.
This girl made you better, and your body won't let go of that influence.
I wish I had your skin color.
Keep your chin up, man.
Don't underestimate yourself because you seem like someone with a really big heart.
Just smile and be yourself and you will rock it!
Just keep your head up high and remember that you are an asset to any company and that you are more than qualified!
Your good energy shows in your face.
You have a really kind face and you deserve whatever job you set out for today.
You're very handsome and I love your eyes.
I hope you get multiple offer!s Show off your smile, because you go this!
You have kind eyes and a warm, sweet smile.
I like your eyes.
Your message did make me smile, and I hope to get others in my workplace smiling as well!
You've got an idea in your head, but when you try to play it, it sounds good, but it's not what you were thinking of.
Think of the nicest thing you would say to me (a kind stranger) if I posted your exact message on this sub.
If nothing is working, distract your mind with something that makes you smile.
You don't have to figure anything out right this second.
Dude your hair is on point!
I'm so sorry you are feeling so awful, Your glasses frame your face so nicely and I am sure you are a wonderful guy!
Keep your chin up :D I like your glasses btw
You look totally adorable, and I love your hair.
You have a great smile.
Take some time away from the negative people in your life, surround yourself with positive things, find reasons to compliment yourself (sounds like you've made some effort on your appearance so there's a start).
You're absolutely adorable, and you've got a big heart for just giving all that you can.
I've done that for years before I realized most of the time you'll give away your whole heart and have none of it left to love yourself with.
If you spend all of your resources and heart on those that waste it, you'll end up with a hole where that big giving caring heart of yours was.
I really hope you paint your face like that every day - it looks great on you!
You have a gorgeous face and your skin is quite literally flawless, please never feel insecure about it!
Also judging from just this pic you know how to dress and have pretty cool style.
And your eyes are just beautiful.
Your hair is nice and your beard is glorious.
You have beautiful hair and eyes, and you are just beautiful in general, dont let anyone tell you otherwise
You have awesome hair and great eyebrows!!
The next thing I see (that stands out to me) is your flawless application of makeup.
You seem extremely artistic if you are able to create such a flawless eye look.
I also really love your eyebrows aswell.
And I'm wildly envious of your freckles, they're beautiful!
It takes a special kind of person to do that, and though it's causing you some stress, I hope that there are times when it's rewarding for you too.
I know how crappy anxiety and depression can be, so major props to you my dude for keeping that amazing smile on your face!
Also, your beard game is STRONG!
pour your heart out into whatever makes you happy.
you seem like quite an artist, with your paintings and the great color choices in your makeup.
works very well with your complexion.
take care, you deserve every ounce of happiness.
Focus on getting your feet back on the ground, and your head in a space where you aren't constantly worrying about the things that worry you now.
YOU ALREADY HAVE THE JOB dude :) Instead of worrying about this and that, concentrate on what you're going write here as a follow-up as to how you nailed the interview and they offered you your job.
Wether the desired outcome occurs or not, your life is in your hands alone.
I love your eyes and your lips :)
you have a very cute face and an amazing sense of fashion!
You are very good looking imo and based on your comments you seem like you have a kind heart.
You’re ridiculously stunning, to the point where there’s nothing about your face that I can find fault with.
I know you won’t consider me a friend necessarily, but if you ever need one then I’m all ears.
Well, not sure if you want a dude complimenting your looks, but the first impression I got from your face was "Wow, this dude looks like Gary Oldman!".
Your new haircut looks wonderful on you and your makeup is beautiful!
You are a miracle and you deserve to be on this world, loved by others and treated with kindness and respect.
You have such a kind face, like I could just come up to you and talk about anything and it would be alright.
I hope you feel better, there is always room in the world for a kind heart &lt;3
Your eyes are a stunning color and wearing that blue shirt really complements them!
Also, as previously mentioned, that’s a quality beard you have there - great color and fullness.
Your beard looks great!
I see hope in your eyes.
You have stunning eyes, and your hairstyle suits you beautifully!
You have to be so courageous to put yourself first, and take a leaps of faith for your own happiness and well-being, and you're doing all the right things.
I know it's been three days, but I saw your post and my eyes lit up, my heart sprinted for a second, my lips crevassed into a smile and my fingers are itching to tell you how beautiful you are, but the one thing that needs to work properly - my mind is stuttering.
Your are a strong person cause you are dealing with so many things and still have the power to smile even if it’s just in a picture
You have nice lips
You have a great smile ☺️
Your job pays the bills and feeds your body -- the art feeds your soul.
Your earrings are so cool.
You might feel like a failure, which isn't true, but your skin looks *en pointe* 👌
And I love your frames!
I like your piercings!
You have a wonderful smile and gorgeous eyes.
Your eyes and smile tell me you're looking at something you really really love!
You’re super beautiful and your smile is gorgeous!
Your hair is absolutely amazing!
And you have a super nice smile too =)
You have a very contagious smile , you should smile much more.
ahhh you have such a lovely smile gurl!
ahhhh you have an adorable smile and you’re a good looking guy!
I really love the shape of your face.
Also, killer eyebrows :) Hope you continue to see more positive results, you are beautiful.
I can see it in your eyes, you are beautiful!
You have a good-natured soul and are worthy of love and kindness and happiness.
You also have beautiful deep eyes.
Depression is awful and lonely and can feel all consuming but I see the hope in your eyes and your smile.
You have a wonderful face and a jawline to envy!
You still have killer hair
Great skin, awesome hair, amazing smile and a perfect nose, I mean, the whole shape of your face is like flawless.
You have a good smile, cute freckles, and cool piercings.
you have the most beautiful of eyes... and your smile lights up the room like ive never seen before.
I think people would love to get to know you and see your smile.
Don't let other people bring you down; they aren't in your shoes.
i love the color of your eyes!
and your hair looks lovely.
You have great hair, eyes, and lips; you're quite beautiful.
But you got this, give yourself credit for the little things and remember that you're doing amazing in the face of difficult and trying circumstances!
You have gorgeous eyes!
I don’t know anything about you but what I see, but I see a lovely set of blue eyes (and amazing taste in movies and art!)
You may not be sure of what you're doing now, but you've got time to figure that out.
Awww, you smile like a puppy, it's adorable!
I love your hair and puppy eyes, your skin also has a beautiful tone.
And you cannot, and should not, force them to be the sole source of your happiness either.
You need to take this time to really focus on yourself, and what YOU can do for yourself to attain personal happiness.
I'm a big fan of your eyes, and the upturn on the corners of your mouth makes me melt a little bit.
If you ever need to bend someone's ear, feel free to shoot me a DM.
I really like your hair!
I bet yours is gorgeous, can see your face fuzz too it'll look really nice grown out.
Ima need your skin routine
As a woman, I’m sure you can relate when I say, Do you know how *hard* it is to find a top that actually *fits* your upper body and chest?
Your dress defies all odds.
Those glasses look really good on you and your hair is amazing.
You drudge through the daily bull so you can enjoy the rare moments of pure happiness.
You are very cute and precocious and I love your fuzzy ears and pink nose.
You have pretty eyes but your master's eyes are prettier.
love the sideburns and you have a warm and friendly face that people will easily trust.
just go full on badass leather jacket biker look cause I feel like you just need an edge and some attitude and the ladies will be swooning over you.
Also you have lovely eyes.
can't see any wrinkles from the pic, but the dress fits you great, and goes with your accessories too!!
guy's opinion here: for your hair I think you'd look good with a faux hawk.
the good thing about hair though it keeps growing and it's not intrinsic to who you are as a person, so you can change it whenever you want.
The hair, the glasses, the kitten and the Patagonia makes for a fantastic picture of you
You've got a good straight nose and your lashes look so thick, like your hair!
Dude even your sideburns are!
Don't base your happiness on having a partner though dude, seriously.
The dress is beautiful and your tights are awesome!
I like how you have matched the dress with those stockings, shoes as well as your glasses.
The body you have is perfect.
Because that smile matches your eyes.
And your ginger hair.
You'll go onto college or a job, and meet a ton of new people and your appearance will matter a lot less.
Also, your eyes are amazing.
I love your hair color!
Also you have really nice skin!
Looks good with your face!
I can’t express how cool your hair is.
You have gorgeous skin!
You have the coolest looking face!
You seem like you have a good sense of humor, and those glasses are pretty rad!
You also have a great face for tv or film.
Keep your chin up, this guy sounds like a loser you were too good for anyway👍
You got sweet Nick Cave hair!
Your makeup is on point and that Godzilla poster means you have impeccable taste.
I can't imagine having a broken leg, but perhaps you can try to apply this change in perspective to your situation as well.
Your eyes are striking!!
What kind of hair products do you use?
Also you have beautiful eyes!
I love your glasses and your hair!
You have an amazing smile!
I love your hair!!!
I feel like I can see some pain hiding behind that smile, but you look like a genuinely kind and courageous person.
Also, amazing eyes and I love your hair color!
It takes a lot of balls to have colorful hair--you're more courageous than you think!
You made you and child(ren) number so give yourself a pat on the back.
You have wonderful taste in hair color and books/movies.
You have beautiful eyes, a square chin, and even some badass fucking stubble.
Don't even get me started on your hair.
You look like a super chill dude, keep your head up and keep smiling man, it really suits you.
Don't let the insults get you down, focus on those positive comments and how you're happy about what you're doing, most of the negative stuff are just people with narrow world views trying to police your happiness, but you seem to be a person with a lot of courage, and if you know what makes you happy and it isn't hurting anyone nobody should be trying to discourage it.
you are part of those precious members of a community that is scorned and insulted who is willing to go out and face the world as you are.
You are a beacon of hope and strength that is showing the truth that people who cross gender norms are people first and foremost.
By continue to be strong and brave and facing the world you are letting people see you and others goign about your day and being people just like every one else.
The more people that see that and get used to seeing you as a person rather than just as your fashion choices, or make up, or any other "skin deep" detail.
Keeping showing others you are a person just trying to live in a way that makes you happy and comfortable in your skin without hurting anyone and you will find that some of those strong walls get cracks in them as they find fewer reasons to hate you for being awesome!
I'm sure your smile will eventually be bigger, but for now it's still quite sweet.
And you really seem a nice guy, give us a smile!
Have you considered a new-to-you hairstyle to perk you up?
I think your hair looks fine but when I feel icky sometimes a haircut or a pedicure makes me feel better and more feminine.
I just want you to know that you're not alone in how you feel and a lot of people go through the same things but you sound like a truly decent person with a lot to offer and I've never met anyone fitting that description that didn't get some kind of a happy ending.
I wish there was a list of things I could give you to do or try, a proven method of some kind, but I don't think it exists.
On a side note, are you 100% sure your hair issues are not related to hormonal imbalances or something that can be treated?
Invest in your own happiness and the rest will follow.
This will help you feel happier in your skin and with yourself no matter what.
I feel you with the thick eyebrows and being heavy and never being considered.
You look like a great size and you look healthy and your shoes are awesome and you seem to have a sense of style.
Style+cute+legit personality = good things coming your way.
Just stay true to you, Invest in your happiness, and be kind to yourself ❤️
You know body standards have been changing all throughout history and will keep changing long after you die.
The silver lining of this is someday your great great great granddaughters will be looking at your Facebook pictures and hating their bodies wishing they looked just like you.
I love your hair, it’s so long and pretty.
There’s a whole world of hair removal...waxing is pricey but over time your hair grows in much lighter.
Sorry, I really only have this one picture of you to go off of but I'm positive that there will be a time when you meet a guy who likes you for you, but I think I'm the mean time you need to figure out how to like you for you.
Your skin looks really clear actually and I’d kill for your bone structure.
I can get away with not wearing a bra and you can bet your ass if I’m not at work, I’m not wearing a bra.
Some people will take advantage of your kindness because they know you’ll always be there, but are nowhere to be found when you’re the one in need.
Your hair is cool, dude and the style of glasses really suit you!
Don't let depression whisper lies in your head, try not to isolate yourself and the things that are bothering you.
Your lashes look ridiculously gloriously long and a beautiful complexion and your hair looks like it's super cute from what's visible.
I love your eyes.
I bet you look really cute when you smile and that it's really contagious!
Well, totally not being an awkward guy myself, and totally not being socially anxious at all, I just wanna say you don't look too bad, nice face and shit, try putting a smile on it and you'll be even better!
If you are then your application skills are incredible and if that's your bare face then you have amazing skin!
Your hair is awesome!
I really dont know what to say simce im in the same boat as you but i feel that seeing your smile would make my day.
You've got very intense, beautiful brown eyes, and your lips are a really nice shape.
But your value and beauty comes not from your skin, or your eyebrows, or your body's reserves of adipose tissue.
It comes from your heart, and your spirit.
You have very kind eyes!
Your eyes are absolutely bright and blissful and you're a very stunning girl.
You have amazing eyes and such great hair!
Super jealous of your beard and jawline!
Your smile seems so natural and genuine that i have to speculate that you really love the person on the other side of that camera.
Your skin, your hair, that cute denim vest, everything about this picture is perfect.
This picture immediately brought a big goofy smile to my face, you dont even have to be present to brighten up a room.
Your smile is a bream of light in a world overcome by darkness.
You have a good sense of style, an awesome beard and a nice smile.
You have the most adorable smile, omg.
Bearded and a great smile... your a sexy man
Your sweater looks very comfy, and your nose ring is 👌 nice.
I was having a fairly awful day but your smile made me crack one, too.
You have the most lovely, warm, and radiant smile!
If we crossed paths somewhere about town and you smiled at me in that way, it would genuinely lift my mood and heart.
Your hair is styled so nicely!
You live your life for only one person’s happiness.
You’re a really goodlooking dude damn no joke your hair is crazy good
One of the most freeing and terrifying lessons I’ve learned is that you, and you alone, are responsible for your own happiness.
Your eyes seem so kind.
I like your hair and how your face has such a hint of a smile, but you know it's there.
You have the face, hair to be casted as a Latina Princess in a Disney movie or any sort!
Your eyes are beautiful!!
You have an amazing smile!
They were fucking with your head.
Your features are very unique and attractive- and for some reason, crooked teeth like yours are a huge turn on for me.
I love your smile!!
There is so much more to a smile than teeth- your whole face lights up when you smile!
Your jawline is on point, too.
I bet you spread happiness all day, you just seem the type.
Dude, you look well groomed and genuinly give off a feeling of kindness!
You look sharp as hell, and I honestly didnt see your teeth past your smile, your smile is amazing!
You have very beautiful eyes.
Aah man, Im so jealous of your beard, and you really rock the low-key creative hipster vibe 🤘
Pushing back will usually at least give you another month or so to get plans in place.
I love your hair and your eyebrows are on point 👌 You have a super cute face too, and really deep eyes, girl you have everything going for you!
It's tough now, but you and your adorable pupper will figure it out and get through this.
You have that same kind of handsome, genuine smile.
Warm smile, kind eyes, and although this may sound weird- the shape of your glasses complement the shape of your eyebrows perfectly.
Your smile is amazing!
Your teeth are clean and interesting and I hope you never change them.
Your eyes are dreamy and your hair and lips are beautiful.
Your hair is some kind of amazing waterfall and you've got amazing lips and eyes!
Hold your head high you are beautiful.
You do a great ahegao face, and the pics in your sub are awesome.
You have a great smile!
Your smile brightened up my day!
I bet you do so whenever you smile, I think the people around you are happy you’re around.
Your eyes are incredibly bright and full of hope and your skins marvelous.
Just hang in there, you look like an absolute princess and your eyes say you’ve got the personality to match.
That shirt makes you look care-free and your hair and smile are like a warm spring afternoon.
You seem like a very warm person, with astonishing bright eyes and such healthy hair!
You have a nice solid, symmetrical face that you should feel very confident with.
You are beautifull and in your eyes there is a true kindness.
Your nose is pretty good dude.
You'll find your happiness in time and it'll all be worth it.
Your hair is a pretty color and your lips have a beautiful shape to them.
So yeah, I'd venture to say that your nose isn't nearly as bad as you think it is.
I'm so jealous of your lips!
As Tupac Shakur said : " keep your head up!
You are a pretty young lady and look like you would have a sweet and kind heart.
You probably have the coolest eyes I’ve ever seen for real.
I've had a not so great week so far, you have a very infectious smile, which caused me to smile for the first time this week.
You look amazing and I absolutely love your eyebrows!.
Your smile brightened my day, thank you for being amazing
Aww, you’re a cutie and you have such a warm smile.
You have beautiful eyes!
You do you, and keep kicking butt!
Even after the pain, your smile is still beautiful and bright.
No one can ever take that from you because its your happiness.
You have an amazing radiant face.
Kudos to you for having such a great smile!
You have a beautiful smile and i guarantee you, made the right decision in not being in an abusive relationship anymore.
I can already tell your gonna have a magnificent beard in a few years 👍
People would have paid good money for your smooth complexion buddy
2 comments already about your epic beard so i will save mine.
Love your eyes and your lips!
😁👍 On a more serious note, you have kind eyes and a lovely smile.
Man, you are rocking that beard too?
You need to let that confidence shine through my man, keep your head up and keep smiling, you will definitely find someone right for you.
And I can only imagine that it would complement your eye colour perfectly, especially when you’re out in the sun.
I would blush furiously if you smiled at me in a bar 😊
You will attract the perfect people for you and your personality into your life.
Keep your chin up!
Also - I agree with the other commenter who said you will clearly have a majestic beard in a few years.
On top of losing weight you were absolutely stunning and gorgeous in the process, and currently still are.
I really appreciate how wonderful this subreddit is, and how much you guys motivated me to double down and gain this weight and do what I can for my hair and everything.
If she doesn't want to work on it and get counseling or explore options then that ties your hands.
Keep your head high bro
Guess none of my business but I can relate ( I got Jody'd) Check in with your command amigo, that or the chaplains office if you're a religious type… They have all kinds of support groups and counseling you can go to you to help you out with this.
Personally I think sending a dear John letter or having this kind of shit happen right after deployment should in some way be illegal… That is just to fucked up, I guess you can't control another person like that in reality, but man that's hard I'm really sorry for you
And keep your head held high, we’re on your team!!
Your eyes are amazing and the haircut really suits you
Your hair is super cute.
You have perfect lips and beautiful eyes.
And your real hair looks really good on you!
like wow i love your hair and i really like your style!
You have a gorgeous natural color and beautiful eyes.
Your lips are such a beautiful shape, and so full... like you were made to wear lipstick!
First of all have really pretty lips, anyway everything seems so different when you move somewhere new but when you find people you get along with and the things you want to do then things get easier
The medication obviously did it's job, as your skin looks flawless.
Your eyebrows are on point and you're so freaking cute
Your eyes can light up a room.
Take more pictures of yourself and don’t feel pressured to wear makeup, you don’t need it.
But honestly your skin looks great and you have a very kind smile
Your eyes are mesmerizing!!!
You have freaking stellar eyes my friend, and that headscarf is on point.
It compliments both the eyes and your smile so well.
You look like a good soul who brings joy to the people who know you.
I feel like someone could see whole universes live and die in your eyes!
You seem like a very friendly person, lovely smile, very approachable.
Just keep smiling and you will help brighten the world around you x
Are those your natural eyebrows without any makeup?
You have the eyes, the facial hair, and you look really dope.
Your eyes are amazing!!!
Your eyes are to die for, and the scruffy facial hair is sexy.
I bet when you smile, your whole face lights up.
It takes a while, but I guarantee you that if you start figuring out how you want your life to be, visualize it, really try and see it in your mind and take little steps toward it, you'll be in a very different place sooner than you think.
You’re very handsome with your scruff and your eyes are killer.
Remember that and hold your head high.
Hold your chin high, your not saying anything already made you 1000x better a person than they are.
You’re a handsome dude, I think a shorter haircut would really accentuate your nice bone structure.
You need to know fundamentally that you are a worthwhile human with a beautiful soul and that you don’t need that to be verified by everyone you meet and that you will meet some people who will sense your vulnerability and use it to score some dominance points to feel better than you.
I want you to imagine you are like a trick candle and that when you come under verbal attack I want you to imagine that person is trying to blow out your flame and then you bounce back unharmed like a happy little middle finger in the air.
Think of them as like a petulant child thinking they can blow out your candle, but of course they can’t - and the threat was never real - and the only response they deserve is a namaste and a smile.
Your beauty can’t be bought, or acquired through countless hours of yoga, it’s the beauty of people who don’t hold hate in their heart and it will bring you peace the hateful will never know.
I know everybody needs a little lift sometimes, but you look like the kind of guy who gets shit done no matter what.
your eyes man wtf they’re beautiful
what a nice jawline you have
the color of your shirt goes so well with your hair color.
Great hair and style man, especially your glasses!
You are an awesome guy, and you have a great sense of humor.
I really like your hairstyle
Keep your head up :)
Your dimples are super cute, never stop smiling :-)
Can I say, you've got really nice skin, and your eyes are really pretty!
Also seems like you know how to dress.
This is a great creation, I hope it continues to make you smile.
The biggest positive, I think, is that you are starting to value your life and your happiness over the comfort of a familiar relationship, and took action despite the pain it is causing.
Keep your head up and be yourself always.
Also dig your beard looks dope dude!
Because I just got lost in your eyes.
But keep your head up!
One day you will find a person that deserves your happiness until then it will be shared with everyone that sees your smile.
You look adorable and your eyes sparkle!
All the beautiful details in the flowers, and the way you added the life-like touches of freckles to her arm and shoulder, are just beautiful.
I love your style and you have awesome long hair, I just can’t grow mine!
I love your hair, OP!
Well that stinks, but when things don’t work out it’s for a reason.. just keep your head up!
Your smile is warm and draws people in.
You have a brilliant smile and beautiful eyes!
I could see, after scrolling through your photos, that you have a terrific sense of humor.
Your eyes are awesome, your eyebrows are on fleek, and your piercings only add to your cuteness.
You have great facial hair, and such an intense and captivating gaze!!!!
I love your hair and the dress.
I'm not a huge fan of zero-fat, ultra-defined muscles on heroes, but you make it work with solid posing and anatomy.
You have a contagious smile!
You take such good care of your skin.
Gorgeous eyes, gorgeous hair, I love the splash of freckles, and your mouth ...
I lack the words to describe your mouth.
I hope you find it in you to hold your head high and be happy that you bring joy wherever you go.
You have really beautiful eyes and skin!
That's not reality tapping you on the shoulder.
You are not worthless, whatever that thought, that shoulder tap is, it is a liar and a thief.
I love your mustache!
Your smile is great and the fact you riding a swing is adorably cute.
Oh, you have the cutest little ears!
You have a beautiful smile!
Your smile has more warmth than a thousand suns, and I'm glad to see the sunshine is adding to that.
I love your tunic/dress.
Warm, comfortable sunshine can do wonders, and it seems to have brought a glow back to your face and brought out your beautiful smile, something i think we all need more of.
Your skin is flawless.
Wow you could be in those makeup commercials where they pretend the makeup actually helped them get better skin.
Dimples and a kitty, what else do you need?
You have the most friendly, genuine, welcoming, and heartwarming smile.
And your eyes are absolutely magnetic.
What you should focus on instead is helping others deal with that kind of stress.
Seeing your smile made me smile.
If it was me, I would approach your friends and give them a (friend-appropriate) slap around the back of the head (something like I bet if they planned a party and you were a no-show then they'd be in their rights to be slapping too!
And your makeup is absolutely gorgeous.
It can be tough to smile through what you are going through, but dammit, I know you can and will!
I'll never know what's it's like to be in your shoes but I can say the downs get better.
Lots and lots of hugs and if i were close by, I'd drop by to throw confetti and other glittery stuff all around, get cake, sing a lot of funny, made up songs and after you're all chappy and grinning and in excited (with me maybe tearing up seeing you happy), proceed to clean the place up (wouldn't want you cleaning it all up by yourself.
Depression is something I've been working on my whole life as well and I know I'm a complete stranger but from the bottom of my heart, if you need someone to talk to I'd personally love to be there for you.
You have such a sweet smile and I hope you've found plenty of reasons to smile.
You're a very beautiful strong woman (who apparently has some serious makeup skills, you look beyond flawless), who I bet has so much to give to the world.
I can see it in your eyes.
Those stars on your cheeks 😍😍
Your hair is absolutely goals to me.
You have a great face and you’re amazing at doing makeup.
Not only are you beautiful, with a lovely smile, but you also have a joyful and bright life ahead of you.
Keep your head up.
you have eyes that someone could get lost in.
On the plus side: you have lovely curls and pretty lips and eyes!
You, you are stunning, no joke if I passed you on the street I’d take another look, I love your eyes and hair so much!
You can absolutely get the right job for you keep that chin up girl you can do it.❤️
Also your nails look AMAZING!☺
You have amazing thick hair and your facial structure is something to be proud of, goddamn.
I’m in love with your hair and your eyes holy crap.
You have kind eyes!
I love your hair in this picture!
Your hair is so luscious, and it’s the most beautiful colour, it compliments your eyes so well
Wow, looks like you have some beautiful skin.
That’s a face you can trust!
You seem like the kind of guy I could have a good laugh with!
your winged-look on your eyes is amazing!
You seem like a lovely person, and you deserve the utmost happiness, my friend!
Hey there: at least you are smiling 😊 physical exercise, especially outdoors has gotten me through some tough times.
You have a wonderful smile, you should use it more!
You seem like 100% my kind of person, like, between your friendly face, gorgeous selfies, and sweet magikarp shirt, there's something about you that makes me feel like we'd be friends 😃 I have been in depression/anxious/lonely hell, and there is a way out.
It looks like that instrument is an extension of your body.
You have the lucky opportunity to express yourself with a talent that brings happiness to not only you, but those around you.
You too, fantastic beard with eyebrow raised, man!
Love your hair, lips, beard and your smile is amazing!
Your beard has POWER and your eyebrow raising skills are top notch.
I want to pet your beard... is that weird for a stranger to want to do that?
You have the kind of beard most men only dream about.
Funny how you can feel so down as this picture of you makes me smile and wish you were my kid!!!
I love your hair!
You look like the kind of person I'd want to befriend.
Your smile is welcoming and warm and your eyes look kind.
Now that I've seen your majestic beard I can't help but have the most amazing day ever.
Your lipstick looks really nice on you and I really like the colour of both your eyes and hair!
Hey you have an awesome smile, I dig it ;-)
I actually thought it was a pic of Megan Markle at first with your smile.
You have a beautiful smile and eyes, and seems you got a good fashion sense too.
I don't see gaining a little weight as making you look worse either.
Judging yourself is hard if you're negatively bias against your own image, but other people are being honest when they tell you you're a very pretty and sweet-looking girl, so you can take that more to heart.
Keep your head up!
You look amazing, from your cute nose, your nice lips and your on-point eyebrows!
If I dare cone with a tip, maybe get some glasses with thinner frames to show more of your eyes, because you have such a beautiful eyecolor!
I looked at your posts and you have a good sense of humor, you're a pretty cool guy my man
I'll bet you have a beautiful smile as well.
Your top is amazing and your nose was made for that septum piercing!
Your hair looks great, I love the way you did it!
If it's any consolation though you look like the kind of person I'd hang out with and someone who a lot of people like.
Super jealous of your hair by the way man!
Second you look like you got a cool style, I like the shirt and your hair (what we can see).
Your smile is amazing and to smile like that after tough news is something.
You have a wonderful smile!
You look so nice and have a kind smile.
Keep smiling, as much as you can.
You have pretty eyes and a lovely sense of style from what I can see!
well first of all, your eyes are gorgeous!
and your hair looks extremely soft as well.
I work in HR and if you were to sit in front of me during an interview, just from that smile you would give me a really good first impression!
You certainly don't need them, and will clearly have no trouble finding the next one when you feel ready :) not with those eyes ;)
Plus you got the credentials to back it up or else you wouldn't get the interview in the first place.
They applied for their job too at some point, being in your shoes at a different moment in time.
You have the face of a guy who will end up at the top of a company.
You seem like a nice person and you have a full head of hair and a beard.
Just go in with a smile and know you can do the thing.
Keep your head held high.
You have kind eyes.
Give them a smile in the interview, remember your skills and accomplishments, and let them know how you'll improve the company as the best guy for the job.
Hair's fresh, beard on point, you look happy, you look confident.
You really are cute and have a great smile!
If you’re as jovial as you seem I’m sure you have the personality for the job you’re going for.
Your hair is impeccable, your smile is contagious, and I like your simple, casual style.
You have the prettiest eyes I have ever seen.
And like the last commenter said you have really pretty eyes!
I think everyone should have a choice if they want to fake it or not so don't let anyone force you to smile if you don't want to.
Besides, your face looks extremely friendly even when you're not smiling!
Your eyes are really pretty!
I think you look really pretty, just don't look into the mirror too much or obsess about your appearance or else it'll only cause you to loathe yourself more!
You have an amazing smile too ☺️
Your eyes are beautiful!
Dude you have awesome hair, I’m jealous!
You got this my man, just give them that room-lighting smile and they're sure to give you the job, chin up!
I really, really like your eyes!
Don’t hide your gorgeous eyes - they are a great way to connect with others.
Just walk in, put your dick on the table, and show them what you got.
I don't know how much this will help, but it did help me: doing something, anything active with your body can help a lot with body image.
When you do anything with your body, you learn to trust it and love it for all the great things it does for you (My body can hike a mountain!).
Do your best to take little steps, go out, make eye contact, smile, wave hello - it all starts somewhere!
Still, you're beautiful, and there's a light in your eyes that says you'll pull through this and come out stronger than you could imagine!
you have the cutest smile!
Hey dude i know exactly what you are going through and i've definately been there.all your problems are linked to each other and solving at least one of them will make it ten times easier to solve the rest.go out.just try to talk to people.wear something that can start up a conversation to make it easier.make friends and then things will start to change.this is what i did and im pretty sure it will work for you too.with that handsome face it wont be difficult to get a girlfriend so dont worry about that.if u improve all of these ur grades will improve automatically so dont worry.have faith in yourself, i know you can do it.😁
Keep your head up, friend!
You have very captivating, mysterious eyes and amazing bone structure.
Even if it’s only a walk in your pjs to get milk from the corner store, or a smile at a teacher or a classmate as you walk past at school, or a simple “What homework did we have yesterday?” to the person next to you.
I think you look cool as hell, really digging the hair!
Man, you look like a genuine friendly person with that smile!
You have a super friendly face, take advantage of that.
I think your hair looks beautiful as is - healthy and natural.
That being said, if having coloured hair is part of your identity, then screw all the rest.
Then start dyeing your hair again.
Your eyes are beautiful
You have a wonderful smile that deserves to be spread around!
Your face makes me smile!
You have a kind face.
Your choices in hair style and beard management are top notch, my friend.
Your hair looks great and you have a great style in clothing.
You have a roof over your head 4.
You look like you've got a lot of spunk, wear your hair how you want it :) but definitely don't think it defines you, because we can see that personality shining from your eyes!
The only person who can judge your parenting is your kid, and I doubt they'll care 20 years from now what colour your hair was in 2018.
That beard is on point my man, you look exactly like the type of guy I'd sit next to in class because you look friendly and like we'd get along great.
Keep your chin up, hard times happen but we all get through it, if you ever need somebody to talk to feel free to shoot me a PM :) Edit: that haircut is fresh as hell too, wish I looked good in something like that haha straight buzz cut is all I wear
Your eyes are beautiful, your beard is majestic, and you've got really nice skin.
😍 Your beard and hairstyle is on point.
And your eyes show how sensitive you are.
I think all they need to do is look into your eyes and see that's not the case.
Oh and I love your eyebrows.
That is a beautiful beard and head of hair (: you're whole look is so dope, you are dope!
You my friend, have two of the most intense, earnest eyes I've ever seen, quite mesmerizing really.
Less than 24 hours and tons of recognition - I’ll pile on to say you look like the kind of man we’d all like to have for a friend.
Im assuming she puts on an "idc ive moved on" facade but you can be absolutely sure that while she's having fun with her new bf she's thinking "I cant wait to shove this in his (yours) face".
Get to know yourself, who you are, what you are like, and not just the face you put on for others.
Keep your chin up, darlin'!
Remember to keep you head near your heart and grieve, then once the tears stop flowing you can pick yourself up and carry on.
You're a really pretty girl, I really like your eyes a lot!
Your skin is pretty clear too!
Poor you and poor Meeko, he looks more than capable of taking care of you for now until you realise that not only do you not need him or the guy that broke your heart, but that you are stronger and smarter for it.
You have kind eyes, and a pretty face.
And out of this you will have a better understanding of what kind of guy is right for you.
As a straight man, I have to say: with those very cute looks and the wholesomeness and kindness feeling that your smile evokes, finding another man is not going to be a problem for you.
You are a beautiful woman with gorgeous eyes and a super friendly smile.
You’re so gorgeous, I love your eyebrows!!
And you have the sweetest eyes.
You look like the kind of person I would trust with anything and never feel judged by, which is a really awesome and rare trait.
Keep your head up, guys are stupid.
Your skin is flawless and radiant!!
You are beautiful and have the best smile.
Love your hair and eyes
Love your hair and freckles!
Well for starters, you have great hair.
Thanks for the kind words, I hope you have a great day, love how that color looks on your eyes and lips.
You have a beautiful face and a great body, you look great just as you are!
I love your eyes and smile a lot; if I walked past you I probably would look back just to take a second look (not in a creepy way lol).
You’re rockin everything you’ve got, especially your hair.
Remember though that your body has just done something amazing so it needs to refresh.
And your eyes are incredible!
The lipstick and eyeshadow really make your eyes "pop"!
I'd be hard pressed to believe your pre-baby body was better.
I hope this doesn't sound weird but your lip shape is beautiful!
Well, you're dressed, hair is not in a pony tail, and you have makeup on.
Your makeup looks great, your glasses are great on your face, and white is your color!
It’s pretty hard to make your eyes pop like that when you’re wearing glasses, but you nailed it!
Keep your head up and keep pushing forward, you are stronger than you give yourself credit for.
Your eyes are soft and your smile welcoming; you look like a real genuine person who is probably someone's closest friends that they cherish and love more than you realize.
I don't know where you're at relationship-wise, but I think you're an attractive man and if you have any concerns about your physical appearance: let that shit go.
Keep your head up man, ain't nothing wrong with you.
Your eyes are crazy cool!
i think I've seen you on makeup addiction before!
Your makeup looks amazing!
Good job taking good care of your body that just did an AMAZING thing... but remember that it’s beautiful every step of the way!
Seriously can’t get over your eyes!
You have very pretty eyes.
Thank you for the kind words.
I like your hair, and your eyes look like they're glowing.
Figure yourself out and what you want to do and you’ll achieve.
Thank you for your kind words:) I hope you are having a great day!
You don't, and shouldn't need makeup to feel pretty.
Beauty mags and old society has told people that this is necessary, but you are beautiful without that paint smeared on your face, covering up the real you.
The only ones who gain from you wearing makeup are the people who make the makeup.
I can not express this enough, you don't need makeup to feel beautiful because you already are beautiful without it.
If your pjs are as soft as your eyes look then you'll be just fine!
Your nose, your little cute chin, your sexy lips.
I love your eye makeup!!!
You have gorgeous eyes!!!
And hey, just cause you're in PJs all day and not wearing makeup does NOT make you ugly.
The haircut, the beard, your fashion sense.
Your wonderful smile on my reddit feed made me smile.
Breakups are not a piece of cake, and it'll feel like a part of your heart is incomplete because the person you were with no longer is there.
It may be comforting, it may for the fleetest of moments take your mind off, or numb yourself from the pain, but all it's going to do is damage your body and you're going to wake up worse, impacted multi-fold by the pain you avoided the night before.
Take the time and look at your photographs again with fresh eyes.
Works of art aren't supposed to be objective, they're supposed to trigger responses from the viewer, and I must say that I really found these beautiful and I hope you continue to take photographs of things that capture your eye.
I honestly believe you could just let your eyes do all the talking and watch him become lovestruck
You have amazing muscles.
Like damn, your arms are great.
You wear your watch on your left wrist, a most superior location.
Unless when you open your mouth it just emits a terrible banshee wail, I don't think you'll have a problem!
I'm immediately drawn to your smile, and how it lights up your entire person - you look *so* joyful holding that owl (and how freakin' cool is it that you're holding an owl and you're not afraid?
Your smile is *awesome* - thank you for sharing it with us!
I know your eyes are kinda squinty in this pic but I can tell they're really pretty :-)
I think you are absolutely beautiful and have a wonderful, positive smile.
I was going to mention your smile, and I am happy someone already has.
You're a beautiful (OMG your hair and eyes are fire) and strong girl with good intentions....who couldn't use that in their life?
Owl compliment your happy face and smile!
I love your smile and I'm totally jealous of your skin.
You have a beautiful smile and I can see your ability to bring joy to others by simply being genuinely you!
I hope that made you laugh, or at least smile like in your picture.
I like how you smile with your eyes, you're whole face is inviting and warm.
it is hard to wear kindness on your sleeve like that.
Besides that I love your bright smile and how much your eyes are smiling as well.
Your whole face is lit up and so genuine.
Seeing you in this picture brought an immediate smile on my face.
You are beautiful and one of a kind, and you deserve all the love that this world can give.
Beautiful bluest eyes you could drown in, but that adorable dimple in your chin is seriously the cutest thing ever.
I love that about your face!
Many people have remarked on your smile and i definitely noticed that first.
But then your skin looks so clear and soft!
You have amazing skin!
I see two sets of strength in you: 1) You have incredible physical muscles!
And your back muscles- woah.
An idea if you'd think about it-- you are the kind of person that would win if you entered one of those contests on bodybuilding.com or have your story featured to inspire and give hope to others.
I came here to write about your smile and a bunch of stuff that everyone else here has commented on, but as everyone else has I will just leave you with this....for every compliment given there are a thousand that are thought but not said, in general people are bad at giving compliments!
And it’s also a bit socially awkward to comment, even if it’s a compliment, on someone’s physical appearance... so don’t get bummed out if compliments seem few and far between - feel beautiful and love yourself and continue to be happy doing things you love and you will be attractive to all :)
I was so blown away by the confidence, positivity and happiness you exude.
You made me smile and feel happy just looking at you.
You are beautiful- your smile lights up whatever room you're in, I'm sure!
You have kind eyes, nice teeth, and seem like a real hoot.
Just add a little smile on that face, and you could probably move more than mountains ;)
Your hair is amazing!
Your hair is such a lovely colour and you've got a lot of expression behind your eyes.
I also notice from your post history that you're working hard to lose weight which is super commendable!
1: You have, by far, the most flawless skin of someone I've seen without airbrushing in ages.
Your lips, your nose, your eyes- all of it.
Still, all my statements stand: you a beautiful human with damned nice hair, flawless skin, and a face that looks like it belongs in famous paintings.
These will happen when you begin to love yourself, and you are without a doubt an incredibly lovable person with an enormous heart and a gentle personality.
You may believe that I'm a hack on this subreddit to pretend to help others smile or feel good about themselves for only an hour or a day, but there's a reason I've taken the time to write this whole thing out, and it's because I care.
Just wanted to share that I love this shot of your eyes.
Don't take this wrong, but a few posts are referring to you as a female, maybe because of the long hair.
Here's one: You got great skin bud.
Your skin is so flawless!!
I don't want to sound like a weirdo, but you have AMAZING lips!
You are gorgeous, I’m sure even without the hair
and your curly hair omg you just looked so sweet and pretty.
Congrats on growing your hair back
It sounds like it would be really difficult to feel like you don’t have a personality.
The beautiful thing about being human is you can construct a personality around anything- even complements.
To me that is your personality right now: a warrior unbeknownst to himself.
I 100% know what you feel like regarding the ‘no personality’ aspect after consistently zooming for days, weeks, months.
Your personality isn’t gone, it’s just subdued.
You know what you need to do to get your body back to where it needs to be, so do it.
You look totally normal to me, maybe change your hairstyle a little?
And you do have great eyes.
You also have a rockin’ beard!
Keep your head up, things will turn around for you :)
You have a kind face, your eyes are a beautiful color, and you have a very strong bone structure.
I know as well as anyone that it's easier said than done but, as I said, I see kindness in you so *please* be kind to yourself and fill your life with people who are kind as well.
Your eyes are piercingly pretty, and the beard looks very well-managed.
I know it's said a lot but take it from a lady who's quite a bit older than you - looks are ok for the first glance but personality will keep someone around.
Fashion and hair changes are fun to explore if you're interested in a different look, but Idk if you even need it, just throwing it out there.
Maybe you should consider that your problem is not your face or your body, but your self esteem and your insecurities.
Dude, have you ever seen your eyes?
And your skin is flawless.
I know it can be difficult to believe compliments when you are used to only being out down, but you have sweet eyes and look nice.
I think you pull if off really well, I'm always jealous I can't make short hair work on me
You’re attractive and I can tell by your eyes you’ve got personality.
❤️ I hope you’re able to find something to help slay those demons in your head!
I started with eating breakfast, I never ate breakfast but your body tends to not burn anything unless you feed it.
You look so fun!I love your hair and that smile is knocking it out of the ball park.
Take care of yourself tonight, get a good night’s sleep if you can, and try to punch tomorrow square in the face.
Your haircut suits you well, you can pull it off easily because you have a very feminine face (and beautiful eyebrows!).
I’ve always had long hair because I could never pull of short hair like you can!
You’ve got a killer smile too, so don’t let other people’s opinions get you down - the world needs that smile!
What pretty puppy dog eyes you have!
You have genuinely kind eyes , looking at them I can tell you're a beautiful person not only from the outside but the inside as well.
(: Your new cut, even if unintentionally too short, looks great on you and your beautiful smile!
Love that your hair has got some texture to it and you have pretty eyes.☺
Only one of your eyes and some of your hair is showing, but I recognize in both the real you is reaching out to the world for help.
One, I'm super into your face.
You have great eyes, bone structure, and hair.
It’s not easy when your own head is messing with you.
Keep your head up though, life comes and goes, hits you hard and just plain sucks at times.
You are very pretty, have a great smile and I bet she’s just jealous of you.
Keep on smiling and don’t let anyone get you down.
Damn you have pretty cool hair and look like you are awesome to chill out with.
Your smile is so genuine, of its any reflection of your personality then I don't think you should worry.
You have wise looking eyes Also sweater game on point
The discipline and drive to lose that kinda weight will definitely make you more attractive to women no doubt!
The hair cut looks nice, give it some to time for you to be get used to the look.
I love your glasses they fit your head shape nicely!
Keep your head up, man!
Keep your eyes set on your goals (congrats on your MCAT!)
Keep the good memories close to your heart.
Keep your chin up!
For example, I would suck a hundred horse dicks in a row for your facial hair.
Jeez boy do you get your eyebrows threaded or are they naturally that damn good?
Your eyes, lips, and hair are AMAZING, you're quite beautiful!
You can probably just smile when you see her, and give her some space.
You nailed it, to be honest.
It changes the mindset of everyone involved and you can feel the weight lifted off your shoulders.
Your whole face looks positive and inviting!
The kind of guy that would offer a coffee and a good chat to anyone you get eye contact with
It starts at your mouth and goes all the way to your eyes.
Your appearance is so positive, and those dark eyes and eyebrows look very good!
It's obvious that you have a great soul because you don't want to be a burden to people that you love.
I love your smile and your new glasses!
I love your hair color and your eyes are stunning!
Girl, your smile made me smile—I can feel it in my heart.
I hope you learn to love that smile as much as everyone else does ❤️.
I wish you many years of happiness
Your smile is fantastic!
It's truly one of a kind, one of those incredible smiles that just lights up your whole face.
I love smiles like that, and anybody who judges you for it isn't worth your time.
Apart from your striking eyes and gorgeous hair, your skin is really clear!
You're managing your curly hair better than 99% of guys with curly hair that I know
Your teeth are absolutely incredible!
You look great, shinny face and all.
Keep your chin up.
That's for sharing your inspiring story and congrats on your progress and happiness!
You have such thick, pretty hair and your eyes make you look so kind!
It gives you so much more time to figure out what you want and might help prevent you from wasting money on something you don't really want... And I promise it doesn't look as bad on you for taking a gap year as some people will lead you to believe.
You have the kindest brown eyes and give off teddy bear vibes.
I love your smile...Great teeth so white they're nearly glowing.
You've got amazing full lips too...Great sparkly eyes and skin, I think you look amazing.
Even if you don't ever learn to love your smile, never hide it.
The first thing I was gonna say was how I liked your big smile.
One year isn't so bad if you're heading towards your dream, keep after it!
You've got a noble cause and a nobler heart or you wouldn't try so hard and care so much.
Your eyes, lips, and freckles are outstanding even when you're toast!
Give yourself the kindness you need to get over being ill and tired.
The people who matter will wait and encourage you to get back on your feet.
You have are absolutely beautiful and your eyes just sparkle!
You *do* look like a superhuman, you seem to take really good care of your body, and you are really proud to make progress, and that's amazing.
However, that also gives you another year to play with hair and makeup on your own, with all that the glorious Internet has to offer, which means that you can experiment all you want without having to worry about what a teacher might deem is correct or not.
If you did your own hair and liner, that's a pretty solid indication that you have a helluva sense of style, as well as some decent ability, which means you've done some awesome learning on your own, and you're only going to improve in time.
You have great eyes, good bone structure, and nice hair.
I really like your dress sense as well.
You have the kindest face!
I absolutely love your eyebrows and brow in general.
Your face is very aesthetically pleasing
Be kind to yourself internet friend, you have a nice smile, friendly eyes, if I met you in a bar you'd be the kind of person I'd feel very comfortable approaching to talk to.
Sorry that I can't give you the female perspective, but human are beings are so diverse anyway, there will always be people who find you attractive and people who don't, no matter what you look like, beauty is in the eye of the beholder and all that.. so just focus on self-love and acceptance for what you are, you seem like a good dude :)
Just remember to breathe and if it doesn't work out, it's just not meant to be and has nothing to do with your makeup as a person.
Your smile is the kind that lights up an entire room!!
The hai style with the dressed up look really works for you my man!
Keep your head up
Love your beard, dude!
Wow, you are so good looking even with that smile, I could imagine how much you’d light up a room when you laugh :)
You also have such lovely brown hair!
Forget about the water bill, your body needs this.
Don’t leave the shower or turn the water off until your body says, “ok, I think that’s enough.” Second: dress up.
Or stretch your legs and take a lap around the block.
If you see someone, just smile at them.
Between the dark eyes and the lit af eyebrows, you are one good lookin dude, my dude.
I love your hair!
Your smile is so sincere and your teeth are perfect, I’m jealous
Thank you so much for your kind words.
I figured you would nail it.
It’s amazing what getting your issues off your chest will do.
Oh, by the way, your eyes are fricken mesmerizing.
Dude, I love your hair.
You seem to have a very honest face.
I really like your hair!
Especially with your eye color!
Whatever you are going through, you're going to kick it's ass.
That can really mess with your head and I'm sorry you are going through that.
Also, you have got a good nose, kind face, and you seem like you have a joke waiting for the right moment.
Good luck and I hope you find your inner happiness.
And I hope that those things help you post another photo—maybe in a few months or a year— where you’re smiling and there’s a light in your eyes (but keep the goatee, because it looks really good on you!
You have beautiful eyes and beautiful lips
I love your lips, your hair, your eyes, your nose... your whole face really!
A. F. I especially love your eye makeup.
Also thats a really nice shirt and you have a smile that seems like you would be fun to hang around with.
I like how you dress.
So keep your head up and keep positive, college gets way better!
You have a strong jawline, don’t ruin it with that hobo fuzz.
Keep your head up man, it will work out :)
You have an interesting face and pretty eyes :)
You have a radiant smile, and you look spiffy af c: With your style and the way you carry yourself, you look like you’re ready to take on the world.
Since you’ve already got your foot in the door, I’m sure admissions will not care about a GE math course – especially if it’s not a huge part of your major!
Dude is that your natural face?
Your eyes are a dream fountain, wow.
college can be tough but always remember this, you have a beautiful face!
Why put your self esteem in the hands of complete strangers?
I love your smile.
You only get one life, my man, don't let yourself get in the way of your own happiness!
your hair game is on point and your stache game is strong if you grow it out.
no matter how you feel, just put on a big smile and look in the mirror for a couple seconds.
You got a good face.
You appear to be well built too ;) I can see the kindness on your face.
And your mustache is really cool.
I know you must be jumping out of your skin with excitement and anticipation, but try to take a long nap, or sit in a quiet space for a while.
Lose the hat, it hides your handsome face!
You are so unbelievably beautiful, it breaks my heart to see such an amazing and cool person go through that.
You are so attractive it's hurting my heart!
But truly you are beautiful, your eyes are lovely and I bet a smile would show a lovely cheeky chappy underneath it all!
...but you will get that handsome face out there!
I can see it in your gentle, beautiful eyes!
I honestly wouldn't have guessed that you're someone who has trouble leaving the house or talking to people because your eyes look so sincere.
I love love love your makeup!
And as far as looks go you look nice just add a little smile there, remember you are physically fit, still young and you CAN AND WILL ACHIEVE SOMETHING YOU LOVE.
Keep your chin up, breathing helps, and you're awesome in my eyes!
Your smile, hair, and eyes...ridiculous.
Hopefully the baby gets your smile!
Your eyebrows should be in a museum, generations should admire them.
And your lips and eyes are gorgeous.
Your hair and beard game are top notch and this is a beautiful photo of your handsome self.
Ugh tooth pain is the absolute worst, I hope you feel better soon!
Oooh your eyes look super intense, I really like the naturally dark line around your iris!
You look like a guy who has his shit together, appearance gives off a fashionable and confident impression.
Your make up is amazing and the eyeshadow and lipstick really compliments your eyes and completion!
Love that color of lipstick against your skin; I don’t know much about make up but I think it goes really well with your skin + hair color.
Cool eyes, and well-framed by your glasses :)
My goodness, you have incredible eyes!
That shadow reallllly makes your eyes pop, absolutely beautiful.
You have great style and hair, and really soft, kind eyes.
They suit you really well, and your eye makeup is so cool!
I've seen some of your posts, and I'm always drawn to those great eyes of yours.
I love your eye look!
And your eyes are poppin!
Your smile is so precious!
 You have really pretty eyes and did a great job on your makeup!
That lip color is stellar with your skin tone.
Understand that you are wanted, and for what’s its worth, I think you have a great smile.
You have a most calming face.
The freckles on your cheeks are cute as fuck.
Also, you have very pretty eyes.
Keep your head up.
You have beautiful hair!
Keep you head up and remember that the best revenge is a life well lived.
Absolutely beautiful, and your nose ring suits you very well.
With that kind of looks and you seem like a chill guy who has a dog you’re gonna meet someone in no time
Also, you have a nice face :)
I am jealous of your hair and perfect short beard/stubble.
You're a handsome dude and I too had my heart broke and it took a while to recover so stay positive and just realize you wouldn't want that woman back in your life when the truth shows you that she was not really worthy of your love.
Keep your head up.
Keep your head up brotha, I know how it feels.
If i was sexually attracted to men then i would definitely suck your penis
I *adore* your dress and from a straight chick: nice rack, girl.
I like your eyebrows and your clothes.
Don’t ever let anyone break your heart twice.
It sucks now, but do you know what’s better than new pussy?
Love the beard, and your intense eyes.
Even though your eyes seem to be full of despair they're gorgeous, especially the iris.
You must know how to choose what to wear, because your shirt matches your nice complexion perfectly, I wish I had a good sense of style like that.
You have a warm smile.
Edit: I have to agree with -immortal you do have an amazing complexion!
As soon as you become comfortable with yourself and your life and being single love will creep in to punch you in the face and fuck it all up.
You are pretty dang cute, if you put some more effort into your brows and facial hair I bet you’d get noticed more!
Your hair looks so cute though!
I love your hair and your eyes, and your skin is so smooth.
You have Natalie Portman eyes :)
And you’ll bless people around you all the while because there’s a sweetness in your face that draws them in.
Do what feels right for you and keep your head up!
You look handsome in that picture, I can only imagine how good you look when you’re smiling :)
Your hair is amazing!
Love your eyes and you have a cute face :)
you have cute smile and your eyes with those eyebrows are perfect.
have a good day and you have cute smile too
Your father is a bit resistant to change, it seems, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't wear makeup!
To be honest, I've seen your posts a lot and I think your makeup is lovely and it really makes you look happy to wear it.
Makeup is there to make you feel lovely, more comfortable and confident in your skin.
This is something you do for you, not for other people; your happiness is and should be the most important thing to you.
Regardless, you deserve to be happy and I can see how genuine your smiles are when your makeup is on point!
If it's possibly, maybe have a talk with your dad and let him know that wearing makeup makes you feel happy and good about yourself.
Also, your eyes are beautiful and you really use the right colors to accentuate the bright blue just right!
Just keep doing your makeup, and doing it well.
It’s your body and you can do whatever you like.
Your eyes, brows, hair, lips and smile are amazing.
Name a feature on your face, and it's top notch...eyes, brows, lips, smile, hair, you've got it all.
I love the natural look you got going on, and your smile peeking out is just perfect.
I LOVE your eyes...You've got amazing lips and fun hair too but those eyes...easier to get lost in than an ikea.
Quality eyes and hair game; you give off very friendly and chill vibes.
Loving your jaw line and your eyes are amazing.
You have an incredibly kind face.
You also have some real nice eyes as well, hey seem very sweet and nice just like you!
You have the cutest face!
First off, are you doing the pursed duck lips that certain demographics on instagram think is flattering?
Your skin is gorgeous, and your face has the mesmerizing mixed look that I, and I imagine a good portion of the world, absolutely adore.
Be confident of your looks, smile more, and find something you’re passionate about.
I imagine your smile is pretty too, and the world would be better if you shared your smile instead of your pout.
I also love your fashion style, though granted it’s only the top - but I do think pale skin and black outfit works so well.
Your tattoos, hair, and eyebrows are so sexy.
I love your eyes, they are gorgeous.
You have such a beautiful face shape and full lips!
Your eyeliner is bomb too &lt;3 Româncele intodeauna sunt printre cele mai frumoase femei (din punctul meu de vedere) :)
Remember to smile and don’t let any boy treat you less than the queen you are.
Keep your head up and you should upgrade to something better
Dude, you look pretty cool, not gonna lie, I feel like if you were to smile, you’d be the kind of guy who everyone would love to hang around with, it’s really easy to feel left out or alone, but trust me, you should try and find a group of people who your just really mesh with, don’t be afraid to be yourself around them either, that’s how you’ll know they’re real!
You've got the most piercing brown eyes I've ever seen and you look very mysterious.
Dude, without the goatee you remind me of someone famous, like Errol Flynn.
Your eyebrows are better defined than my future
You have very kind eyes &amp; you look like a funny and sweet guy.
You are great and you are capable, keep your head up!
if you need a good rant-place, head over to / &lt;3
Very few people are 100% happy with their bodies but you don't have to be perfect to be beautiful.
With the very limited information you have given here it is clear you are going to make someone smile.
Keep doing that until you believe it- until you know it in your heart of hearts.
does saying you are a definite head turner count as the same thing?
You have a great frame to build upon
You are definitely not ugly - you have gorgeous clear skin and dimples.
Just in general you have really good bone structure and overall you look like a really kind person.
Designer eye bags will give you much more happiness than designer hand bags.
Your eye color pops a lot for the picture's quality and lighting.
In stead of what is going on inside your head, I wish you had a constant stream of freecompliments cheering you on.
Instead of trying to edge out the voices in your head, or attempting to argue with them, you should try to sort of compromise.
Never forget that you are doing the best you can with the hand life has dealt to you.
If you heard of a friend that hurt their leg and hid the pain and the limping, the agony you’d encourage them to stop worrying and see a doctor.
The guy that is lucky enough to have your eye must get jealous stares all the time.
Before you know it your teeth will be straight and then they will be off.
You are lovely and your eyebrows are fierce.
I have hoped and wished and dreamed for beautiful eyelids on which to apply bangin' eye shadow since I started doing makeup, and you are rocking them like I never could!
You have a beautiful nose and yours eyes are very compelling you look the the type of person 1 in a million guys wouldn’t hit on.
Also your lips are very kissable and you personality seems.. Big
You're quite clearly *really* good looking, if you can't recognize that there are some body image issues you need to resolve.
Either A: the guy's an asshole or B: you did something or various acts that are displeasing.
Too much nagging, never complimenting or helping the guy, smoking, alcoholism etc I don't know any straight guy in the world who wouldn't give you physical love if they could, so maybe there's some aspect of your personality you need to work on.
Obviously I can't pin down what based on a picture, so I would say take some time off from relationships and work on yourself, whatever issue you may feel you have(expect physical appearance because you're stunning and have no issues there) Oh, and I'm supposed to give compliments right?
You have a perfect face, great eyes, great hair, great pair of personalities, and seem pretty chill from this picture.
You’re definitely beautiful but you don’t have to show your boobs to get attention/compliments.
There’s more to you than your body!
I think you're very beautiful :) I love your eyes
You actually have a very nice face.
Keep your head up, man.
I’m pretty sure that voice in your head is full of shit.
Maybe the problem is in your personality or your confidence.
Hey there, lovely person on the Internet :) I saw that you posted a month back about your appearance and you look lovely.
So what if your boobs are uneven?
My high school teacher once stopped in the middle of class, look out the door to see if anyone was around, turned back to us and said "don't you hate it when your finger rips through the toilet paper?"
Focus on self love, darling, you'll be back on your feet in no time!
Your eyes are amazing and your hair drapes you so dreamily!
That's a gorgeous face no matter what any voice in (or outside) your head says.
I don't want to be creepy, but I'm sure your breasts are beautiful, soft, pillowy, feminine, and fun.
Your eyes are beautiful and your lips are damn near perfect.
Oh my your eyes are breathtaking and your hair looks amazing.
Putting on makeup would just take away from your natural beauty.
Keep your head up head up friend, you will get through whatever it is you are going through.
You don't need makeup :) You look great!
Your hair has lovely body and flow!
I hope you figure it out!
You absolutely do not need makeup, your complexion looks amazing, you have soulful eyes.
Your hair is really pretty.
I think you are beautiful, and your eyes tell me it is both inside and out.
Looking into your eyes is a dangerous thing.
It’s like laying on a sunny beach, but somehow captured in your eyes.
Your eyebrows are awesome and I love how you’re even still smiling on a bad day!
You keep that beautiful chin up!
Look at your handsome face and beautiful eyes and fantastic expressions!
Holy shit, your hair is amazing
You're a handsome dude and who cares about thinning hair when you look badass!
You'll have to exercise your mind like you've exercised your body.
You know you can work and make things better, you've done that with your weight.
Your facial hair is amazing and your height is right around average, don't sweat it.
And bitch your eyebrows are str8 poppin!
Such a cute and fun picture, your eyes and lips are awesome.
Eyes, lips, hair, very classically beautiful (I imagine you in black and white, for some reason, ha.).
 You've totally got a cute Velma thing going, love your glasses, eyes, brows, and hair.
Your eyebrows are sharp dude.
And you look like you will be able to pull off the shaved head look if it ever gets to that.
Also, you look good in your dress up clothes and in your chill guy attire with your badass tat :)
Looks sick man, but is it just the lighting that is making your arm look blue?
You look really nice though, you have a really pretty face and clean skin.
Keep your head up!
If you keep your chin up you'll be sure to find something or someone who will reciprocate that courage :) this is just a bump in the road to happiness!
Honestly, the kind of people that stand others up, aren't the kinds of people you want to be around anyway.
You can brush this one of your shoulders and move on.
And I imagine that your personality is just as lovely!
Keep your chin up, even the greatest people get sometimes stood up.
It really compliments your skin and hair :) don’t let this one asshole get you down.
You look super cute, and your post history shows a swell personality.
Being stood up sucks, but try not too take the hurt into your heart.
Put a smile on your face, you are doing fine!
Keep your chin up girl!
Good luck with everything and don’t forget to keep your head up.
It’s easier for the sun to shine on your face.
You are so vibrant, and my niece would love to have hair like yours.
Keep your eyes off the ground and keep your head up 👍
Really brings out your beautiful blue eyes!
Hold on, you lost weight &amp; you’re worried about your boobs losing size?
I’ve been down the road is weight loss &amp; it isn’t easy so I recognize just how much of a bad ass you are.
I don’t see how your skin is horrible because I don’t see anything wrong.
It's super cute and suits your face shape well.
So have faith in yourself and no matter the outcome, know that your future is as bright as your smile and that everything will work out at the end n_n
You look like the kind of person that people notice when you walk in the room.
As for your skin, you've got a little glow going.
Also your hair is amazing!
If I had your hair and complexion, I'd be unstoppable!
Omg I LOVE LOVE LOVE your hair!
It compliments your browns eyes wonderfully.
Your picture made me smile and I really needed that today :) You are beautiful and strong and look like you kick ass and take names in your spare time, keep on keepin on!
It really compliments your eyes.
So are your freckles.
Your incredible hair is what stopped me while scrolling through the app.
I love your makeup too, and your whole style.
First off I'd like to say that you have a beautiful face and you could make it a lot better sporting a smile.
You are self-aware enough to reach out to people who you are hurting and you're trying to make your day and your life better even when your faced with the aftermath of something that is incredibly painful.
Your hair is fantastic, your boots are great, and you know exactly how to pose in a picture that takes you from "Regular cute girl" to "piece of modeling artistry.
Your hair is cool as fuck!
You would turn my head for sure!
You look lovely with the purple hair.
You can have any colour hair as long you like that is all that matters.
You have a great smile.
Your eyes are so beautiful!
I know hotties much older than you rocking purple hair.
I can't give you any advice, but I can tell you that the smile is a winner.
You have very kind eyes and an incredibly warm smile!
Have a drink, read a book, watch a movie, then come back to whatever is bothering you and tackle it head on!
You're never too old to express yourself, and your appearance is yours to play with You look great
That is some badass ink and you have proper old-school punk hair, that's rad as fuck Depression is an asshole.
You are not old at all for the hair the color you want it, I wish I had the courage to rock it as well as you do.
Your hair is quite lovely and I wish you the best.
Can you relax your major muscle groups?
My BFF is 44 and her hair is your color.
Your smile is really pretty too, I don't see many people with that kind of smile :) Cheer up, we all have our bad times
Also, I have to say, your skin is amazing!
Your skin looks beautiful!
But I look into your eyes and see something there, so we can start with this.
Also your highlight is on point and I hope your week will be as magnificent as your eyes are bright :) (which is super, btw)
i know everyone has said your hair is awesome (it is) but overall you just look like a really rad guy!
Your eyes are awesome and your hair is anime level amazing.
Dude, i love your beard!!
So don’t worry you’ve got 16 years :) You look nice friendly caring and nice beard, and also like you’d be fierce at fencing.
Well you have a unique look obviously with your hair and it’s aweaome!
Obviously your beard is glorious, mines much shorter.
Even though you feel like crap, your smile tells a different story!
I understand the fear of gray hair, especially if you're in your 20s, but that patch is actually pretty cool.
Please keep your chin up.
It’s easier for the sun to shine on your face :)
I hope you figure it out :) We're all different, I'm sure you have your own way of dealing with stuff, best of luck in the future :)
I wish you happiness and healing, you are strong and brave so keep on fighting
The rest of us can see it in your face!
May you find sails, wind and a calm sea soon, happiness around the corner, and the right people to shine brighter with.
Keep your head up, keep doing your best and breathe.
You have great eyes!
Girl you and your ears are hot!
You have really intense, pretty eyes, and nice, strong facial features.
I will say you look nonetheless determined; you’ve got a definite spark in your eyes.
I like your face, you’re quite cute!
You have a really friendly look, like somebody I'd totally talk to without hesitation, and a pretty cute face, too... ;)
You have an AMAZING smile!
I can tell the fridge died because the pic is stunningly hot, also you don't really need the dryer, your hair is looking great.
You also have amazing skin.
I really like your hairstyle.
First thing is first: you have really nice lips.
Also: look at your eyes!
Also: I love your chin.
I know that is weird, but the proportion between your chin and your jawline is really lovely.
You have a great smile, and congratulations for the fact that you're finally graduating, yay!
You have such a pretty smile!
From my heart, to your heart.
Mad propz for being able to work that much this week and still dress/cleanup/whatevs to look that good--- some weeks (or months) i'm lucky if i get around to shaving or haircuts haha In all seriousness, you already have a solid work ethic and foundation for success- having that experience and balancing with school will go a long way.
I also love your ombré hair..
I love your hair!
You are stunning, I love your hair cut with your face shape, and your smile seems very genuine.
It’s really nice to see how thoughtful and kind your comments are to others all while you are trying to deal with very deep and emotional things, the world could use a lot more people like you.
And your eyebrows are super clean and tight!
You have beautiful hair and a gorgeous smile.
Your smile is incredible.
Your hair drapes you perfectly.
Your new hair is rad!
Your hair is gorgeous.
Love your hair and the colors in the pic just pop and you look happy.
And you seriously rock that hair colo.
It fits your face very well and you look so hot!
That purple is really lovely with your skin tone.
When I cut my hair short I felt so light and fresh, hope you experience the same :)
Your beautiful brown eyes look sad.
Your eyes are pretty.
You look very sad but I think you probably have a great smile.
Your skin is nice too.
I love the shadow colour and your hair is lovely and dark.
I particularly like your hair, the color and waves are beautiful and it looks super healthy!
You have very adorable dimples on your top lip!
I love your makeup and you rock those piercings.
I LOVE your hair and the color of your eyemakeup!
With that killer smile, how does he not propose you the second you smile??
Wow, I'm currently in the same boat as you used to be and I don't think my eyebrows have ever been as neat as yours!
Disclaimer: I have no idea whether people who know what they're on about would say the same, but it looks awesome to me lol :) x Edit: also I love your hair; is it naturally wavy?
Initiating conversation can seem super surgical up in your head - when to do it, what to say, how to look, how to act, etc.
 Hard to see anything besides your eyes and smile, they steal the show.
You have very strong facial features, and an especially good nose!
Your hairstyle fits you really well and you look very fit.
Plus I'm slightly jealous of your muscles :') You have all the reason to be proud
You've got nice eyes and I love your hairstyle :)
Please see your lovely smile in a a mirror.i assure you it has all good vibes you need.
Dude your arms look jacked without even trying.
You're also very handsome, I love your hair!
Your hair is rad as fuck, and you have an incredible warm and welcoming smile, and crazy gorgeous eyes.
Because **boop** Get out there and smile at the world, because you are the kind of person who can set it alight with joy.
Smile if you feel like it, you deserve it!
Your glasses and facial hair drastically improve your appearance.
Your eyes and lips are straight up pretty.
You have kind eyes.
I can always appreciate guys with long hair, suits you very well.
Keep on smiling, you deserve it :)
Try to keep your head held high, even if it seems tough
As a heterosexual male, i can say with confidence that i want to snuggle in your truly epic hair.
Second, nice tattoo on your arm!
Third, I LOVE your hair, looks so silky!
I like your hairstyle and glasses combo, makes you look like a handsome, smart, young Clark Kent.
I love your hair too!
Your hair looks so thick and soft!
Also, I love your eyebrows and cheekbones, you've got a nice bone structure!
I love your face.
I think you're very pretty and I love your winged eyeliner!
Damn you are a cutie... Love that smile 😍
I would die to have a face as gorgeous as yours, and I also really like your hair.
Your eyebrows are amazing!!
I want your eyebrows.
First I was like, "why is Gina Rodriguez not feeling good about herself" Girl your makeup is ON.
You have a beautiful face !
You are so cute your smile just brightened my day!!
I hope you feel better soon and enjoy peace, love, and happiness everyday :)
You are rocking the outfit, the makeup, everything.
Keep that beautiful smile on your face and know that you have a lot of support!
Your hair is awesome and you are very pretty, don't let yourself get down.
Your smile gives me joy.
I love your smile and you've got a super cute fashion sense!
Your eyes are so intelligent that I’m sure you can do anything you set your mind to.
On the bright side you are absolutely adorable, your eyes are stunning!
It’s lovely), and the color of your hair is literally goals.
Cute round face, nice nails, and cool style 😎 If you want to lose weight, that's cool, but I want to remind you that you are beautiful just the way you are :)
You're pretty, your eyewear is on POINT, you're wearing a fab dress AND you are following your dreams!
And you have great eyebrows!
You want your professors to know your face also no one ever goes to office hours and so you’ll get one on one attention.
I can't thank everyone enough for your kind words of encouragement.
Remember panic attacks are temporary and it’s just your body trying to protect you.
Also, you have some seriously pretty eyes!
Damn, I love your hair, dude.
Flex your stomach muscles when you're walking, it might not seem like much, but it's a workout.
I love your hair.
Cool tattoos and your hair is utterly amazing.
The world needs your smile!
Your hair is fucking rad.
I LOVE your beard!!
Your eyebrows have an AMAZING arch.
You have lovely piercing ice blue eyes, and such great skin that even girls would be jealous.
Your eyes are popping.
If you are serious, get your ass over to .
You have the most awesome eyelashes I have ever seen.
Well happiness is what you deserve .
Keep your head high and be proud of who you are!
The way you’ve done it really brings out the strong shape to your face.
The highlight (I don’t know make up) around your eyes really brings out the colour and they look really nice.
Dude your beard and eyebrow game is strong!
Your one eye is oh so dashing 😍😍😍
Beautiful shoulders, nice haircut, you just have a bit more intrigue now, which isn't a bad thing imo.
Your arms would be my goals if I were a dude lol And now you're like Carl Grimes: badass :)
Wow 1) your left eye is beautiful 2) you’re very handsome 3) you look super fit!!
;) I love your smile!
You’re super handsome and your shoulders are to die for!
Your eye doesn’t take an ounce of your good looks away and you seem like a kind person!
You have a lovely face!
Damn dude, honestly I didn’t read the title first (on mobile) and you’re so handsome I didn’t even notice your eye at first :)
Your beard is A+ stellar.
Bro, you should get a kick-ass eye patch.
Not being negative at all, and it’s totally you, so you’d know more than anyone..,but...isn’t that your left eye?
You are handsome and I could get lost in your eyes.
You have marvelous clear smooth skin, a wonderful smile (and those dimples!
This is you without makeup!?!?
People may be attracted to how you look, but they will stay for your personality.
Your dimples make your smile so cute :)
I like your nose!
It might end up helping, facing fear time and time again will hopefully let you build some thick skin.
Your brows and makeup are perfect and you've got lovely hair and lips.
Love your brows, eyes, and lips (OMG).
Your smile is amazing.
You eyes are mesmerizing, I have blue eyes and I hope people see mine like I see yours.
Keep your head up!
I don’t think a compliment could quite do justice for the efforts you must have put in to achieve that weight loss, but I wish you all the best in continuing your great work
Maybe the reason you've been single so long is to save your heart from so much meaningless and needless pain and heartbreak.
Keep your chin up pal - it may seem bleak but start giving yourself goals to focus on to make the work time worth it.
Concentrate on filling every aspect of your life with happiness and love, then someone will naturally compliment the.
You're a beautiful girl, and being sad on your birthday shows you've got a reflective soul.
You have bone structure of the gods.
I wish we could see that radiant smile of yours :) You look beautiful Edit: wow your eyes are jet black!
You have the most gorgeous skin!
But your skin is glowing perfect and your hair is shiny!
You have really warm eyes and such a cute smile.
10/10, would check you out from afar and never make eye contact with you.
Deadass what is there to roast in this pic, your hair is frizzy?
Girl is that your natural skin or are you wearing highlighter?
You have a natural look and your hair is super shiny and healthy looking.
You have beautiful eyes, a great smile, and your hair is perfection!
Nothing wrong with your face dude, you're a handsome guy and those glasses suit you very well.
Your face is cute!
I like your eyes a lot.
Your hair looks so healthy and amazing and I can tell you knew what you were doing when you did your makeup.
You have a very symetrical and beautiful face, warm eyes and your eyebrows are on fleek!
Also your hair is very pretty.
You look strong and reliable, nice haircut!
You are a beautiful girl with heavenly eyes.
Some people don't fill out their shirts well and it doesn't compliment their body, you on the other hand fill it out well and well suited for you.
It’s not your fault you have a body to match your bangin personality.
Dude your hairstyle and hair color is awesome.
You also have a really warm and nice smile.
Your smile is totally fucking awesome
Damn, I'd swipe right on you in a heartbeat with that smile.
You deserve happiness, and she's such a lucky lady to enjoy your company!
And your hairstyle is great, perfectly matches your face.
You're built as heck man, and you have a nice smile.
Aw you're really cute :) Love the hairstyle and color, and your eyes are stunning!
Wow, your eyes are extraordinarily beautiful!
I love your hair.
Your eye color is beautiful!
Left me imagining your voice, and what you would like to talk, and you smiling.
You pull off that hair so well, I’m extremely jealous.
I love how vibrant your hair is!!!
That's such a hard color to pull off, I know I personally look super sallow with bright colors, but it compliments your skin tone perfectly :)
So, after the comments about your eyes (which are beautiful) and your hair (which is amazing, and must have taken you ages) I'd like to add admiration for your smile, which is just there - sweet - not crazy over the top or artificial.
Your eyes are really stunning and you look like you have a fun, bubbly personality!
I think you could light up an entire room with that smile.
you got a great look, a nice smile, and an adorable dog.
That said, so long as you don't mind getting compliments from guys (I know some people don't), I can see you have a great complexion, a strong chin, you look fiit, nice haircut, and I can easily see you looking attractive to the opposite sex (or to the same sex for some people I am sure).
It's hard to see that in many situations, but almost all strict parents do that because they want you to grow up strong, and smart, capable of facing the world with confidence, and succeeding, and they don't know how else to approach it.
Your hair screams brave.
The crop top and high waisted combo really compliments your body
You’re beautiful, and your skin looks flawless.
Nothing wrong with you weight.
You have a lovely figure, far from fat.
You have great dress sense.
Your smile is infectious and I hope you have a great time, win or lose.
BTW, if you styled your eyebrows, they would look amazing.
You are cute and have shiny, healthy hair.
You may be in a slump, as we all go through, keep your head up and keep pressing on!
You look like a really nice person, kind face.
You have a sad smile that knows books and facts far more than the average person around you.
Everything you said to put yourself down is completely reversible - you will get a job, if you want to lose weight you can and funks come and go.
You have a killer smile and look like you’re pretty irrepressive :)
You have amazing skin
Your eyebrows and lips are gorgeous!
You will learn to love yourself at whatever weight you are at - if you want to lose weight, you will (I firmly believe in the timing being right for that) and if you don't, you're still gorgeous.
And is it weird that I like your shoe rack??
I figure if you can win a quiz night you must be quite smart and on the ball.
you have a great smile that shows a lot of character.
That smile is amazing and you ooze confidence which just makes you look even sexier.
Your hair and lips are stunning and I think you look absolutely amazing.
Trust in the opinion of others who have nothing to gain by being honest with you except the benefit of seeing your beautiful smile.
you seem like a great person, the kind of person people are lucky to have in their lives.
your smile radiates both charm and utter joy.
Your beard is glorious!
Your hair is glorious!
Thank you for putting some more kindness into the world :)
Hope you find your happiness and health!
Love your hair and determination, you've got this.
Let me Just say you have the sweetest smile.
It's good that you are sharing with the community and hopefully you are sharing with those nearest and dearest too so you don't have to face up to them alone.
As others have said, you have a lovely smile (which shows off some very straight teeth!)
and you have very beautiful, very kind eyes.
That aside, judging by the photograph you have provided you have a very symmetrical face which is a good thing and very friendly, welcoming eyes.
❤️ You have a great smile, don’t let it fade and don’t let anyone take the sparkles off your eyes.
You are adorable and have movie star hair!
Your hair is genuinely amazing man, and you look like you have a great attitude!
Your eyes have a look of eh but in there is the determination that you need.
You have an amazing smile!
You have a very friendly face :)
The first thing that struck me when I looked at your photograph was how vibrant your eyes are.
Plus, I bet many would kill for your lips.
I am with everyone else; your hair is incredible, and I love the cut.
And you have flawless skin; that purple shirt goes great with your complexion.
Your hair is such a gorgeous color, and your skin is lovely.
You give off the vibe that you are hands down the funniest guy in the room at all times.
You have a very pretty face :)
First thing I noticed is your stunning eyes😍 You look a lot like my friend that I have a crush on.
Things will get better you have gorgeous hair
WOW your lips are gorgeous!
You have a wonderful complexion - clear, creamy, luminous.
Your eyes are gorgeous - they are both soulful and innocent, and they are such a beautiful shade of silver-gray.
I'm sorry to hear that your heart breaks every time you look in the mirror.
Your eyes are gorgeous you have nice lips a great complexion with no spots and lovely hair.
Seriously your gorgeous and dont worry about the scar it really shouldnt be an issue for your appearance.
You have beautiful hair and eyes and your lip shape I’m insanely jealous of!
And I like your choice of hair color.
Your eyes are striking and your hair is so curly and nice!
You're so gorgeous, I love your eyes, to be honest I'd die to look as cute as you ...
I hope the comments here make you smile because your face is gorgeous as-is but if you smiled, I think you'd be radiant 😊
I love your hair and eyes.
You’ve still plenty of youth and beauty - you are your own kind of gorgeous, no other woman can rock it.
I mean, look at your hair!
You are gorgeous and what’s more is you have the kind of looks that are just going to get better and better as you age!
I love your hair.
I wish I was the age I was when I started thinking I was old - you look amazing and I see youth and beauty in your face.
Good lord if you are that hot when not trying to be I can’t even imagine how gorgeous you are with a smile.
Nah dude, you look fine, keep your chin up!
You have beautiful eyes and lips.
I also like your curly hair.
You've got a great face that can rock any look, you just gotta slap that smile on it and you're all set!
It's easy to say when you just want any at all, but the types who would back out after learning about that aren't the types who would be worth spending the time to keep.
I'm digging the colour of your hair btw and I am wishing you happy belated birthday as well!
You would look better with a smile on ya face
If they do, they don’t even deserve to be close enough to still see your back.
They'll have an eye color that isn't yours, be taller, thinner, thicker, better at hiding insecurities, you name it.
They might wish they had your fun hair, amazing eyes, crazy full lips, or perfect eyebrows.
It's not terrible and your hair will grow back soon enough to a point where you like.
You are a strong man I can see that in your neck and shoulders.
My opinion on your haircut is irrelevant its about your opinion of it.
You have a great face and smile, and that's what matters.
(Also, post a pic for all of us of you smiling!!)
You radiate empathy and kindness and those things are rare in these trying times.
I think I look pretty alright but ofc the grass is always greener, and I think your skintone is so lovely - the kind that goes with pretty much any color and that hair, which you are pulling off so so well, just makes you radiate.
You also have a very sensual face, a true classic beauty.
Your boyfriend is an ass.
They like your face, bro.
I like your piercings and your eyes and lashes are a dream!
your hair is really nice!
Also your hair is nice!
You are super pretty, I love your hair and eyes
Your face isn't ugly bro, and your hair looks really cool!
Also your piercings are cool as hell!
Damn, I love your hair!
You seem like a fun person with a bright personality.
You have a beautiful smile and such beautiful and expressive eyes.
Envious of your hair.
Also I like your beard and hair :) hope you can handle those other problems
:o 💕 💕 💕 Your smile and lips are beautiful, and your cheeks are so cute!
Also I like your glasses, they frame your face well 😁
Your beard is top notch man.
Secondly, your face structure, highlight and eyeliner look amazing.
That's awesome your skin looks great and so do you!
You have very architectural facial features and a shy but genuine smile.
I wish this picture was closer in because while you rock that suit, I can see your eyes crinkle slightly and it’s adorable.
You have a contagious and endearing smile.
I’ll add your lips are your lips are perfect both color and shape.
I enjoy the subtle smile and you got it!
Maybe you can grow a beard to "strengthen" your chin if you think you need help there?
Holy shit same as everyone else, your facial hair is a God damn masterpiece.
The red cheeks and your eyes!
Your beard game is impressive!
Very unique brown eyes, you have a very pleasant smile too.
You look like the good older figure in a coming-of-age film, like a father or a teacher.
Everything about you radiates a certain kindness that I bet many people around you value more than you think.
Your face looks kind...
I hope you feel better with whatever you may be facing!
Keep your chin up lovely lady - there is always light at the end of that tunnel you just need to get there ❤️😊
You got a lovely look in your eyes and sense of fashion.
I don't think you have a big nose and your face is perfect for a buzz cut.
You’ve got the world at your feet babe, take it by storm ❤️
You have amazing skin and loot hot in read.
A friend who makes you smile.
Whatever happened didn't make you weaker but stronger in mind, spirit, and body.
Damn, if only my undercut was as well groomed as your face.
You have a strong look in your eye, and even though you're sad and feel defeated, your face shows a story of that strength.
Honor the time you're sad, let it help you figure out what to do next that'll bring you peace.
I don’t think you have a big nose it looks normal in this picture imo.
If you want a buzz cut go for it the great thing about hair is it grows so if you aren’t feeling the hair cut you just have to wait a while and think of a new hair style in the mean time.
Also congratulations on your daughter I feel like you guys are going to a lot of fun going forwards and I’m pretty sure she won’t be too worried about her moms hair either, at least for the next few years anyway ;)
You've got to work confidence like you work a muscle.
You've got a pretty good beard/stache, going, they frame your face pretty well!
The next leg of adventure in your life could be right around the corner.
Our beautiful, hurt little girl and we want nothing more than to help soothe your soul.
It means your race is longer than theirs.
Your hands will shake from fear and you will be sweating and nauseated, but you will also know it is right.
There is a knot in your chest you didn't know you had that will unravel.
Your eyes are beautiful.
Your piercings and makeup look really good, and you have a very nicely shaped face.
You have a great smile!
Your hair looks good too!
No matter how hard the upcoming months are, try to find and hour or two a day to just chill, do something you want to do or find joy in, and keep your chin up.
Also, your hair is sick!
 I like your haircut, it looks really cool how it’s tapered on the sides and longer on top :)
Secret to happiness is accepting life as it is, knowing you can choose to be happy, and being grateful.
Up vote to you and your epic hair good sir.
I’d say you’re atleast a 2 :P You have stunning eyes and captivating smile.
Congrats on your progress and lips!
Your eyes alone get you above a 4 and that doesn't include your smile or hair.
But seriously, your eyes... incredible.
Your eyes are really captivating and you have a beautiful smile
Your hair perfectly obeys the laws of physics making it completely uninteresting.
Your nails are lovely.
“ If you are going through hell, keep going” Winston Churchill Keep your head up friend, you will get through whatever is going on in your life.
You are stunning, and I can sense you have a wonderful smile.
Very nice too, this bright color really suits your dark hair
Your hair color is pretty too, it seems has a touch of red, makes me feel appealing.
Hope you would find your smile soon!
You have really pretty hair and I love how your fringe (side bangs) hang.
You have the cute face i like very much :)
You really have a pretty face (also live the bandaid it totally shows a personality that is awesome and fun.
I'd want to hang out with you just to make you smile.
I'm in love with your eyes!
And your hair is most def on point.
You have fantastic skin and I love that outfit!
Also, that haircut on your is 10/10 .
Tomorrow will be better, just keep your chin up.
Your eyes are so pretty and full of expression.
&lt;3 Keep your chin up!
The colour compliments your complexion very nicely.
Keep your head up my man.
Your eyes look sad but behind them, is goodness and light.
You honestly look cute and I love your eyes
You have an infectious smile!
You’re precious, have killer eyeliner skills, and I love your nose piercing.
And you have a really cute smile :)
I think the ones you have picked are stylish and they fit your face so well!
You also have a beautiful, symmetrical smile.
You are owning that hair style.
You have a beautiful smile :)
Your smile is super cute!
You look happy and friendly and I love your smile.
Honestly, the glasses and your hair frame your face rather nicely.
Jesus, Look at the way your whole face lights up at just a hint of a smile.
I bet when you smile at people, people have zero control over themselves and smile right back.
You look very much like a girl I went to high school with (although her hair is curly and she wears cat-eye glasses).
It's so much easier to enjoy food and put on weight than it is to take it off, you are accomplished and were dedicated to it, so congrats to you!
You were beautiful before and now after you've lost weight.
You are really pretty, especially your eyes and warm smile!
Your face radiates with kindness.
Keep your head up!
Really proud of you for taking care of yourself instead of taking the easy way out and abusing your body with intoxicants for a short-term distraction.
You got soulful eyes man, I feel like they're speaking through that picture.
You should post a picture without glasses next time, I bet you have beautiful eyes.
Keep your chin up.
Your great teeth against the red/black lipstick is something.
I think you have an eye for this kind of thing.
You are so cute and I love your eyes and your hair and your face and everything!
Make-up on point, hair on point, all of your facial features on point.
Your hair is majestic af and your eyes are so expressive and kind.
Your bone structure is literally art, and that hair oh my lord 😱😱 Rejection happens to the best of us, but I’m sure you’ll have no issue finding someone new!
A hand on your thigh once a month could be a very big deal to your partner.
You seem very bright and I can’t believe how gorgeous you are without makeup.
Well I think the color goes great with your skin tone.
You have a beautiful smile and that bf should be trying to make it come out as much as possible.
you’ve got a gorgeous smile, and you seem like a genuine and caring person who only wants the same feelings and effort you put into your relationship to be reciprocated.
Sometimes, though, you gotta stop doing things to make other people happy and focus on your own happiness.
It’s not always easy to put yourself first, but in the end you will be in a better place by doing so...hang in there and keep your head up
You have a beautiful smile and honest eyes.
You are pretty and has a cute smile, its not you who is having problem here :)
You're pretty enough where unless you have a horrible personality you'll do fine in the dating world.
I know you'll find something that ignites your heart and illuminates your life.
You are lovely and your eyes are those of someone who sees the kindness around you!
You have the smile of someone who thinks in compliments and finds happiness in the rain!!!!
You deserve someone who gives you the compliments and happiness and kindness you radiate!
Keep your chin up and life will get better 😊
All I can do is let you know that you are not alone, and you are a good looking young man who has kindness of great depths within him.
You could be a hand model (is that a real thing?
You have a fantastic smile and great hair!!
You have a very kind face, I bet you have a great laugh
You are adorable and have a charming smile!
Disclaimer: If you like dark humor, read on.
You have a really nice smile :) I hope things get much better for you soon!
You have beautiful eyes and your skin is super pretty as well.
You have kind eyes and a kind smile.
You dress quite well and look like a more attractive Andy Samberg.
I hope you find something to lift you up, because you have a lot of life in your eyes.
I’m sorry you feel the way you do but I’ve found that these feelings are just things we make up in our own heads and to everyone else non of it is true.
You have amazingly beautiful eyes, gorgeous dark hair, and a super cute nose (seriously, I wish my nose looked like that!).
You have quite the collection of photos, and a great eye especially for scenes involving flora.
And your eyes are very nice, they have a lovely hue and are quite gentle looking.
The glasses bring focus to your eyes, yeah?
The way they frame your eyes (the colors of which I noticed first) really makes them stand out.
People like that end up doing things that most people don't even know is a possibility because they think outside the box In any case, I love your phone case, adore your shirt, and find your smile to be really warm in a subtle way.
Selfies are great when you’re looking for compliments about your appearance, but it doesn’t sound like that’s where you’re at.
Ok first of all, keep your head clear for the interview.
Nail it, and make choices after you get out.
If you can’t keep your head clear, move the interview.
Try to keep it in your back pocket as motivation right now as much as you can try to see it that way.
Then ask each other what has changed and how can we get back to that place.....but do it after you nail this interview.
You know the job, you've ran the race, this is your shot to get ahead and apply yourself.
You a very lovely smile and your hair is awesome!
The hair, the glasses, the outfit - they tell me you take good care of yourself, you’re a thoughtful soul, and you are worthy of respect from yourself and others.
You're attractive and have a fun look in your eye, I hope the next person you're with deserves you.
Your hair is awesome and your glasses are a good shape your your face.
You sir are an A+ individual who will be able to create their own happiness and find a partner who deserves you.
Your eyes just give off this feeling that your a warm caring person that deserves good things to happen to her.
Your nose ring is very cute it looks very good on you.
Your lips make a really sweet lil smile and I love how your hair comes down next to your face.
You also have really clear skin.
Your smile brightens up the room.
Hope you took his/her eyes with you because apparently they didn't need them anyways.
Seriously, take the pats on the back, you deserve em.
Bro your outfit and hair are on fuckin point 🙌🏼 love your piercings too!
!Your style is awesome &amp; I love your hair up the way it is.
That lip color is gorgeous on you and you did an amazing job with your eyes.
Look like a friendly guy and have a kind face, need more people like you around.
And your haircut looks really nice on you dude!
She has a lovely smile 😊 I hope you can convince her!!
Are your eyes really that color?
I like your beard and your intensity
You're comments about Stephen Hawking and Chester Bennington show that you have a good heart for the struggles of others.
Your beard is glorious!
I’m envious of your bold facial hair.
Your smile could light up the room just fine, you are blinding the camera.
Your body language says you are nervous taking this picture.
Everyone's commenting on your smile, which is gorgeous, but your hair looks so soft and glossy!
Man with eyes like yours, you totally look like you enjoy a good laugh and should be laughing a lot.
Proof you are light years farther ahead than you think: you're actually SMILING LARGELY.
Take the experience at face value: yeah it sucks to be shot down, but you did something a lot of people are too scared to do, and put yourself out there.
Don't hinge your happiness on someone else.
I like your beard!
You have very kind eyes though and I could see you being a gentle soul.
Your nose ring is PERFECT, and makes me want to pay someone to stab my nose ASAP
The body, volume, and texture of your hair is EVERYTHING.
You're good looking dude with a fresh haircut, they're just jealous of your looks and try to pick on something about you to make themselves feel better.
The sarcastic-ish grin tells everyone you love a good joke, and your eyes smile when you do.
I managed to get toothpaste with the breath strips in my eye so that’s how my morning has gonr but at least I can still see you have killer hair &amp; eyes
Your eyebrows are lustrous, your height is fine because height is a body measurement and nothing else, and they must have recruited you because of how cute you look, so you can charm your way into any place :)
Your brows are amazing, rock them!
Keep a smile on your face and enjoy the fact that you know you're better than what these buttheads have to say.
Your eyebrows look like eyebrows.
Keep your head up, my dude.
I can't even recall what your eyebrows look like...because they're perfectly normal, fine eyebrows.
It all works in a very unique way and def compliments your cute face.
You should keep your head up, though.
I love your sense of style, and your hair :) you look like a really cool person.
I love your hair!
But your hair is awesome and your boobs look pretty perky, so there’s an upside!
Your eyes are so pretty!you're very handsome.
WTF, You have great eyebrows &amp; eyelashes to die for!
It won't be easy, but you strike me as someone who is strong willed, and capable of dealing with the heavy weight, and that's a gift not everyone has in them.
Your eyebrows are great and add a later of depth to your eyes, very romantic and serious looking
But your hair is fabulous!
btw, i love your strong and sexy eyebrows.
Being proud of who you are physically, religiously, or mentally is the best combat against bull shit people like this.I love your eye brows, I think they are wicked awesome.
I really like your pouty lips, too.
I think your hair looks really cool and suits you
Your eyebrows are perfect.
They really draw attention to your pretty eyes too.
Having said all that, your hair, glasses and polka dots are sooo cute!
Your hair is freaking on point.
I had a similar haircut once upon a time and you rock it way harder.
I'm a guy with little knowledge regarding makeup or anything like that, but there's something about your eyebrows that I really like.
You've got solid hair, solid brows, and your eyes are pretty damn piercing.
Growing out my bangs was a weird time, but you have a fabulous forehead so I know it’ll be fine!
With that mustache you can take on the world man!
I love your eyes and your glasses!
And you have a very sweet smile!
That wonderful piece of facial fuzz aside, you have a really strong face, which I know is a strange way of putting it, but bear with me.
What I mean is that your features stand out and are striking - you have a great jawline for example and great symmetry.
Ummm what's wrong with your eyebrows?
But actually though you have the boldness to rock the stache you have the boldness to kick ass in your new career.
It's rude and racist that people say you are a terrorist based on appearance or whatever prejudiced misconception they have.
You have a great hairstyle and nice eyes!
Your outfit is so cute and your hair is awesome!
You rock that hair cut and glasses, and polka dots look hella good on you!
Hang in there, enjoy your eyes, and ride it out.
Geez, combined with your smile that's deadly.
Your dress reminds me of those super pretty koi fish, just gracefully swimming and flowing in their pool.
Just be careful dancing with your dress getting stepped on!
You and that dress are both gorgeous.
You have literally the most gorgeous eyes I have ever seen.
My heart goes out to you, for the pain you have suffered as a result of your breakup.
The world is ready for you and your beautiful face and soul to conquer it.
As saturated as relationships may seem, it’s not a race and the fact that no one has taken you up just means you haven’t found the right person yet!
It's self-fulfilling and isolating you in an echo chamber of negativity and that more than anything will be communicated to people via body language and non-verbal cues via your attitude, if not outright in messaging or texting.
It shows that you have faith in the kindness of others, which means you still have faith in yourself.
You have a face that can be strong and tough, and supremely confident.
Say hi to someone you feel shy about, and look them in the eyes while you do it.
3) Look at peoples eyes and say hi when you walk by.
So choose the mood you want your conversations and life to move towards, rather than the one you think life is heading towards.
Smiling and laughing, even when you aren't feeling happy, can brighten your own mood.
Now if you can stop beating the shit out of yourself and put that kindness you have inside you into making yourself into a person you like.
Anything is a better hobby then kicking your own ass.
I think most people would have stopped trying long before that, and that also makes you brave in my eyes.
Id really like to see you happy, something tells me you have a very pure smile.
The half mustache makes you look inkempt.
Go to a high end barber shop and get your hair done.
Smile in your pictures.
Again, if you had a good attitude/outlook on life and smiled I could call you a 5-6/10.
Your face was not a turn off, I wanted to know you, not everyone is normal.
If you play with shit it will get in your hands
Would seriously kill for your hair and 'stache!
Love your brows too.
You have a lovely smile and look like a gentle and kind soul :)
you have the PRETTIEST smile.
I think that if i saw you smile at me in real life I would naturally smile back.
Your hair is cute too and I love your outfit.
I hope you nail it!
Your smile is just magnetic.
You look like you would be a beautiful soul, just as beautiful as you are on the outside.
It's so easy to feel down but I know you have the strength deep down to take back control and kick some ass in whatever you're going through.
You can’t hide the sparkle of resilience in your eyes.
You are beautiful and your eyes are amazing!
your smile is full of hope and love.
You have the hair and lips and eyebrows I can only dream of 😭❤️
I love your lip ring by the way, I have one too.
First, I noticed your skin.
You have an intelligent, intense browline, perfectly balanced with warm, caring eyes.
I know it’s easier said than done and there are probably a thousand things running through your head that you should have done and should have said.
Your smile is radiant!
I work at Starbucks and if you came into my store with that perfect smile it'd be contagious!
Your body is banging
Hey, your body shape looks kinda like mine at the moment, and if you want to rock that bikini, do it!
You've picked a great pattern and fit for your body that just makes you look fabulous!
It helped me a lot to say over and over to myself “it is none of my business what other people think of me.” It can be hard on your sense of self to feel in the public eye, and many of us feel vulnerable when that happens.
I'm sorry your brain has been beating you up over your body image but honestly, you have an incredible body.
Maybe you could look at your choice of clothes and see if those are not contributing to a positive body image?
I would love to have your body!
I would honestly be surprised if you didn't turn more than a few heads.
Unsolicited advice from a woman over 30- learn to love and be grateful for your body as much as you can.
Treat your body like the gift it is.
Your hair looks really thick and healthy too.
Looks like you also have nice skin and a good physique.
You have a beautiful smile.
To you and your girlfriend: I can totally see, that your girlfriend is smiling and I know you're making her laugh a lot.
I love that you got her to come here with you, even without her face.
The bikini flatters your body shape so well.
I seriously love your entire outfit, and your skin is flawless!
Can we pretty please see your shoes?
Are you sure you aren't a model and had people hand select fashionable things to wear that look amazing on you?
Seeing your smile brightened my day.
That smile shines joy like the sun shines light, thanks for sharing your beautiful face.
I love your hair SO MUCH
Your haircut looks great!
I love that instead of the cookie cutter prom dress you found an elegant way to express your individuality while maintaining the formal event aesthetic.
Don't worry about your weight, there's always time after uni to get into shape.
Your eyes literally sparkle, your hair looks amazing and soft and honestly you're just straight up lovely.
glad you got on the tracks again cause your body is bangin, honey!
im a girl in the second year of growing out a pretty tragic short haircut, and I’ve gotta say that your hair is incredible!!
You deserve to be with someone who is in this to love you with their entire heart, rather than your ex who couldn’t.
Your hair is fantastic, and so is your smile.😊
Beauty is the eye of the beholder and confidence in how you look is critical.
My gosh, you have gorgeous eyes!
Your eyes radiate a real warmth and your eyelashes and eyebrows are stunningly perfect!
I'm also really jealous of how you rock that nose ring :)
Your hair is the bomb :)
Your jawline is incredible
Your hair game, smile, and eyes are amazing, you're almost there!
just by looking at you, I'd never have guessed you even had a weight problem!
You keep doing you and don't EVER let that amazing smile leave your face.
I'd suggest a haircut for a trendy style that suits you, but if that's your style then you do you man.
You have an awesome jawline!
Get yourself a blue Blazer and suit pants, they'd go well with the dark of your eyes but add a little flair to your style
You’re super cute, your smile is hella infectious and those brows are giving.
I like your style, the glasses and hair fit you well, and boy, you've gotta have some stories from work to tell!
It is a little known fact that the Spam Filter actually does its best to catch pictures of people with: 1) Really nice hair 2) Rocking Beard Stubble 3) A sense of self worth that, while wobbly at times, is perfectly capable of carrying oneself through those hard times, secure in the knowledge that there are good and kind people out there with which you will share those good times.
Ok but for real you gotta a warming smile.
Loving the hair and glasses and you must have lots of interesting stories working in a sex shop.
Hey, you look like the kind of guy I’d be friends with.!
You've also mastered the Harrison Ford smirk, where if you cover either half of your face you get a distinctly different emotion, which means you and Harrison Ford are both cool as hell.
You are absolutely adorable, you deserve lots of those smiles.
Strong chin, great eyebrows, the glasses are perfect for your face - you look like a real trustworthy, hardworking, and probably funny giy
Your hair is perfect and your glasses compliment your face really nicely.
physically, you are incredibly blessed.. you're one of the most beautiful girls I've seen, and your eyes show a rough soul has been weathered down into a magnificent diamond.
You have a pleasant face.
Also, the glasses fit your face well, and your hair looks awesome.
You have absolutely captivating eyes.
But once you get back out there and find a job, I'm sure the right person will fall at your feet when you least expect it.
I can’t believe your face, and your eyes!
I LOVE your hair, and your eyes are very pretty!
Your the kind of pretty that would make me stutter and stammer in real life.
You look like a really sweet fella, the kind who would buy flowers randomly and text back instantly instead of making her wait eight hours.
Your colleagues are assholes.
You're cute as a button and your skin is amazing!
There's absolutely no reason for people to look down on you for listening to soul &amp; blues (which is great btw).
If given the opportunity, kill them with kindness :) I'm sending positive mental vibes your way all day!
Dude, you are rocking that beard.
Bruh... if you go to sf with a English accent and a beard like that you are going to have to be turning down women every night.
You’ve got the perfect skate look going on And I love the piercing and your beard!
I like the beard and your tattoos, they really suit you.
I’m curious about what the little tattoo in your hand is.
Also I think you have kind eyes!
If makeup isn't part of your usual routine, wearing it isn't fake or pathetic - think of it as special!
I find it surprising people throwing rose petals at your feet!
Hopefully your heart gets as healthy as your beauty
I can definitely tell you're working hard on taking care of yourself and the smile shows the great soul you have reaching out.
Love your eyes and your ensemble that you're rocking!
Doesn't hurt to apply to lower positions within your field to get back in the market with your foot in the door.
You look absolutely great especially friendly smile.
Your hair is the color I've always dreamed mine could be.
Love your hair, eyes, and brows.
Dude you look super friendly and tough as fuck at the same time, that’s mad 🤘🏻 also the facial hair really suits you man
You are clearly, from your photograph, a beautiful girl with a wonderful, understated smile and beautiful big eyes.
Plus, your eyes are such a beautiful deep brown, a really soulful colour that speak of hidden depths.
Finally, you have a great beard too, you really pull that off.
First of all, you have a very strong look in respect of how your hair, eyebrows and beard all combine to create a well-groomed and very trendy look.
These three features do a good job of framing your face too, which helps give your face definition and which is an attractive quality.
Third, you have full lips, these give your face a kind quality and as a result you come across as trustworthy and sincere, someone that people want to spend time with and open up to.
I like your strong eye brows.
you are v attractive, I love your dark features \(hair, eyes etc\)
Your eyes, eyebrows, lips, nose, hair, skin - are all beautifully perfect and perfectly beautiful.
You have a such a warm and kind smile.
Nice hair, you are quite attractive.
I think you are a natural beauty with a kind face :)
You look stunning especially with your smile and you are beautiful inside and out!
I know BD can be very difficult- but maybe think of good things you like of yourself and keep repeating them in your head :) you are with it!
What a handsome man, with such kind eyes.. You deserve every compliment you receive.
You have a good and friendly face, with the kindness and caring of a good old soul behind the eyes.
Stay strong you can beat body dysmorphia!
Your eyebrows are perfect and your skin looks radiant!
You are a a beautiful girl, and your smile makes me think you probably have a kind heart.
Keep smiling, and don't even give the slightest bit of credibility to the voices in your head saying otherwise.
You have a sweet resting face, and smiley eyes.
I love your hair style and what a cute necklace.
Keep your head up and have a great day!
and I think your lips and you eyes are wonderful!
I know it might not help but I love your nose.
I think it's adorable and your cheeks too-overall I love your face.
Life deals you weird cards sometimes and figuring out to use them is an odd process.
I love your long curly hair by the way, I like how it drapes across your shoulders, it's really pretty.
You also have really pretty lips.
You have really beautiful eyes, they're really pretty.
You have a really gorgeous face and if you saw what we saw when you look in the mirror, there wouldn’t be a shred of self hate left.
All I can say that you look cute with that smile.
You have a really kind face.
The apples of your cheeks are amazing—you look young and healthy and glowing.
Your eyebrows are the perfect size and shape for your face.
Your hair frames your face in a nice oval shape.
You look like the kind of friend that makes sure everyone is okay and is fun to hang with!
You have such a cute smile!!
10000000&amp;#37; the kind of girl i would date because you seem kind, loving, and look like tons of fun to be around and be with!
Not just your body, but your face and your style for clothes - you got it all!
I hope you can work through these feelings about your body.
I know it's hard, but having a healthy mental view of your body is just as important as having a healthy body!
You have hair like my younger brother!
When I saw your picture I smiled really really big!
Nice choice in frames for your face too!
I love your smile!
No no no sweetheart you have gorgeous porcelain skin!
Your lips and eyebrows are perfect.
i especially love your hair :) i have been struggling with having to gain weight too and it sucks a whole lot.
your glasses look so good with your face.
Your hands are clean in all of this.
Girlll you look like you have some nice legs, never hide them.
You'd definitely look cuter smiling, however you look super confident still and those eyes are a little intimidating in a good way.
There’s a fire in your eyes that needs to stay there.
That’s where the trauma comes in and the around and around and around in your head forever trying to change the unchangeable.
You or any other person doesnt deserve be in that kind of situation, Im pretty sure you are able to be happy alone or with someone else.
Please, whatever you do, think firts in your happiness.
You are beautiful and worthy of love and happiness.
You also have a beautiful smile.
You're adorable, your eyebrows are thick and gorge and biology rocks.
I'm not sure what the circumstances are around you being forced to gain weight, but I have some serious gripes about just the morality of that.
It's your body, nobody can tell you what to do with it.
Keep your head up!
Not to mention, you have a gorgeous smile and you are rocking those glasses :)
Your haircut is on point.
Girl, your hair is CRAZY CUTE and your teeth are PERFECT!
Keep going strong and definitely keep that smile on your face!
You can't guarantee happiness by following a traditional family structure and timeline.
Talk to her about the kind of careers you can pursue, and show her how much you love it.
Your eyes, lips, and hair are amazing.
I mean nobody can actually make you change your body.
Great eyes and hair and I saw your progress pic and you look fantastic and strong!
Your smile spreads more positive vibes than everything I've ever seen.
You look like the kind of person who doesn't know she stops hearts with that smile.
If you base your happiness on your life compared to others’ then you will never be happy.
You enjoy the thought of finding the right guy or gal, or maybe even being a kick-ass single science lady, or maybe you've already got an awesome partner but you wanna do *you* first.
Your eyes are captivating and your hair frames your face perfectly!
You rock the short hair like few others can.
You are definitely beautiful, and you have strong, deep eyes.
I obviously can't comment on your body from this photo, but your face is extremely beautiful.
I'll start off by saying that I understand issues with your own body image are deeply personal.
So, flying in the face of that: you are absolutely stunningly beautiful.
Your eyes are unbelievably gorgeous.
And I don't think I've ever even noticed it before on anyone, but your ears are super cute.
Keep your chin up.
You have very deep and expressive eyes, gorgeous.
Don't worry about your physical appearance, you are one of the most beautiful persons I've seen in my life.
From your eyes to your hair and even your expression is quite enticing.
And you have a wonderful jawline and slender neck!
Your hair is perfect.
I fits with your beautiful face shape so well.
I’m really digging your jawline and your eyes are addicting to look at.
I’m sorry you are struggling with your body image.
Your bone structure is amazing and you have stunning eyes.
Your hair compliments all of these features.
I keep trying to come up with a sequence of words that will both do justice to your appearance and convey my mental image accurately, but I keep coming up short, so this will have to suffice: you look like an elf or some other fey being, like you would inspire awe and admiration in the protagonist of a fairy tale or fantasy novel.
I bet all the girls love your eyes dude, they're nice!
I'm all to aware of body image struggles but remember that you see things incredibly differently from other people.
Did you mean your astral body?
I especially love your hair, it is SO cute.
Your hair is just completely awesome.
Some days will be easier than others, best of luck to you, for what it’s worth, this internet stranger finds you very attractive and thinks you have amazing eyes.
your hair is rad also.
Like you in a nice suit or dressed up formally.
One day you'll find your person, cause with a smile like that they won't be able to miss ya!
And you won't be rejected because you're stubning, and I don't doubt you have the personality to match!
Body language shares a lot of information about your opinion of yourself.
Walk with your back straight, chin up, and a smile on your face.
You certainly know how to take a good picture, your facial hair looks neat too.
Ugly should not be in your vocabulary, you are very pretty with a beautiful smile.
I love your twinkly half smile, and I feel like you find humour in little things.
Your body must have gone through a lot of change in a short time - it's understandable you're not feeling comfortable in your own skin at the moment.
Putting on weight doesn't make you ugly, or lazy, or a bad person.
You're probably always going to have a little voice in your head that shows up now and then to insult pieces of you.
You can just tell it "no" because: - You are beautiful - You have perfect eyes - Your hair is thick, long, and gorgeous - Great eyebrow shape - perfect sized forehead and vey well proportioned face - lovely dainty nose ring - excellent makeup skills - 100x most important of all, your value to the world and to those who love you now and will love you in the future has NOTHING to do with your appearance, and everything to do with your heart and mind.
Do you cut/trim your own facial hair because it is on point!
The wavy air hair suits you also.
Your brows are amazing too
Realistically, you have one of those striking faces that can go either way.
The great news is that is you take a perspective (as you have here with the dramatic makeup), you can really stand out.
Your bone structure demands a stance.
Because you do have good bone structure and not just the puffy prettiness that comes with being very young.
I figure you are probably comparing yourself to those cute but bland looks that go well with teenagers and youth.
I am not blowing smoke up your butt.
You have well balanced features, nice hair, beautiful skin snd large, pretty eyes.
Tell me your lip color!
And your eyeliner looks perfect
Your hair is a really good tousled style and your facial hair is really sharp.
I like your smile.
But you have the most beautiful face.
You might think poorly of your looks but I bet most disagree, that's a great face.
You have pretty eyes, I hope you have a nice green shirt to make them pop.
You have nice eyes and take care of yourself.
Basically there are much more people out there who would bone you than you think.
You seriously have killer hair.
And you have beautiful eyes :)
Dude first of all your hair is so cute, I dig long hair on guys!
And your eyes are so riveting!
And you have beuauuutiful hair and eyes my looord!
Take care, feel free to ping me if you need to vent out, keep smiling and stay awesome.
You have such a beautiful, genuine smile that I hope isn't affected by such low bullshit from your peers.
What an awful thing to do.. You look pretty and seem to have a great body.
Like you have a perfect figure, perfect smile, perfect hair.
The only joke here is that you would feel bad over such assholes' behaviour.
You have a smile that beams inner strength.
You are a beautiful person (literally and figuratively) and deserve people who will treat you with kindness and love.
Dry your eyes and go make your night/day awesome in your own way!
You look amazing and you have a lovely smile :)
You have a brilliant smile, a lovely demeanor and I believe in your years ahead this pain will fade into nothing except possible motivation to improve whom you keep around.
Hold your head up high and hang in there.
I don't know how people can be so mean, I definitely love that shine you give with that smile!
I think your facial hair looks really cool in this!
You have really nice eyebrows!
You have a great smile, and some rockin' curves.
If you don't, you'll never find that someone who will see you for the glowing soul you are.
you look like a very good soul.
you have a very adorable smile.
I like your makeup and looks - especially the hair!!!
You look like a Disney prince, especially cause of the hair
You have very sexy legs and you radiate confidence which is also very attractive.
You look like Hailee Steinfeld 😀 Nice legs, fierce confident bring it on pose and the rest of it is all gorgeous!
From a female who enjoys a great short haircut and clean facial hair, you look very nice!
I'm just going to say it: your arms a little small.
Other than that, your skin is fantastic, your hair is great, you're very handsome and have an extremely kind smile.
Take off that hat and show off your curls!
Girl, your figure is goals for me.
You have really nice legs.
You have a very kind face.
I like your smile, it made me smile when I saw it.
Your eyes are nice, they’re a dark color and look cool.
Your hair looks really nice too.
You have such a beautiful smile.
Block her on social media and her number, focus on your own goals and repairing your happiness.
Your success and happiness will be the best revenge.
You could totally do a van dyke goatee/beard with that.
Haircuts are so tough and nerve wracking you look great man:))
you have such lovely eyes, and a very kind smile - the new haircut is handsome too!
You have such amazing eyes!
would you consider shaving your facial hair?
I'm jealous that you can grow more facial hair on your cheeks than I can.
You should shave, or at least groom and style the beard.
Damn, your eyes are stunning.
The look in your eyes in that picture is absolutely arresting.
Now, you dont seem like that kind of woman (actually I get the impression you're quite sweet) but that look is still very powerful.
You have a wonderful smile!
You have such a warm smile.
You’re not ugly at all, I think you have a great warm smile, and you look like a very kind person to me :)
You look lovely, and your nose is especially cute!
I love your smile.
Your skin is so clear, and your teeth are perfect.
I love your smile!
A smile like that comes from a beautiful place and lights up your sweet face in a way that shows what a gorgeous person you are, inside and out.
You have a beautiful smile &amp; face - but remember don’t ask people how much you are worth - you decide - because the world will never raise that amount as in if you decide you aren’t worth much others won’t increase that worth for you.
Don’t let anyone rob you of that gorgeous smile
Also, you have that smile that can light up the room.
You look like such a warm person, and your skin is gorgeous.
You have a really nice even-looking beard, strong eyebrows, and a nicely cinched face shape, very structured!
I bet you have interesting opinions on all kinds of things.
Also can you tell me what witchcraft you use to have skin that good in times of stress?
Keep your chin up and just keep swimming (:
You already have a track record of figuring it out.
Who ever call you ugly for me maybe suffering from a crippling eye infection, I'm sure that you look as lovely as right now all the time you just have to accept it my dear.
I can't decide which is more stunning- your eyes or your hair.
Sorry for the long-ass reply, but you're a beautiful woman with a great personality (judging by your comments).
Also, congrats on the weight loss and puberty thing, I'm currently doing my own journey so I know the hardship it took you to get to the point you wanted.
I know this hasn't really been a compliment so far, so let me finish by saying that I think it's pretty awesome that you feel comfortable with yourself enough to make the move, even if you haven't had success and that you ARE attractive and must have a pretty good personality to make friends so easily.
you are a beautiful woman and you seem to have a shining personality when at your best.
hopefully it will have a little extra to make you smile!
You have extremely nice eyebrows and I love your freckles!
😂 Hope you are able to overcome those issues so you can continue to share that smile with the world.
I see that smirk, never lose that smile, it looks good on you :) That is a very comfortable stance that makes you look confident, I’m kind of jealous tbh, I always end up trying to hard in pictures and I look like a wax statue haha P.s.
You have a beautiful smile!
All that going on and you can still light up a room with that smile!
Damn dude, you must nailed that interview!
That's just like how you can't control how your body reacts.
Also, your eyes are gorgeous.
Your smile is absolutely adorable.
They are wonky but I think you have a wonderful smile regardless of your wonky teeth.
A smile is also about what you can express through your eyes.
In this picture, you look like you're genuinely smiling from within instead of just smiling to show your teeth.
I for one think you should be proud to display such a nice smile!
Your teeth aren’t straight but you have a great smile.
Your smile will make the world a happier place.
I think you have a fabulous smile.
You smile is beautiful.
It looks genuine enough that you made me smile just by looking at your picture!
Your teeth add personality to your smile.
You have got excellent features and a warm smile.
Your teeth can be fixed with braces so don't stress about that.
You have a wonderful smile.
Pssh bruh I'd make you laugh just to see that damn smile.
You have a wonderful smile!
Your teeth may not be what some may call “straight” but your smile is symmetrical, your teeth are really clean and white, and you exude joy!
They’re about your eyes, your face, your attitude, and your outlook.
Your smile just says happiness to me.
you have the whitest teeth ever!
Thank you all for your kind words.
The first thing I noticed was your fair complexion backed up by your striking eyes, idk how to put this, but I love your nose, lol.
I think that chokers are a great accessory when worn well and seeing that one on you only backs my claim, You are a very pretty person with a welcoming smile :) I know how it feels to not have confidence in your own image but if it helps at all, judging by this picture, I think you have nothing to worry about in the looks department.
You have a good eye for photography.
On my bad days, I give myself credit for getting our of bed and flossing so kudos to you for doing WAY more than that today as you not only got out of bed, but combed your hair, put some jewelry and a little make up on, took a picture and reached out for some support.
In Japan, your kind of teeth are known as yaeba and are considered to be kind of hot.
You have a nice smile.
You have an absolutely lovely and unique smile, the kind that makes me want to smile with you.
Can I add that you also have very nice gentle eyes to match?
I really hope you find the confidence to smile more often :)
Be a genuine person and a good friend and your smile will be a tool to bring joy to others.
Your smile particularly looks great.
You have a approachable and empathetic face and on top of that you are a smoke show.
:) I see a lot of resilience and kindness in your eyes, keep on trucking and I'm sure all the pieces will fall together.
If not you can always become a hair advisor, I'm sure the likes of Jon Bon Jovi, Michael Starr and David Lee Roth would love to have hair like that, absolutely fabulous!
You bring plenty of it yourself, you look really nice, approachable and sweet + you're absolutely rocking that top/dress!
Porcelain skin, golden hair, eyes blue like the sky.. And you smile like you have a little secret that keeps you strong.
I’m sorry this one didn’t work out, but it might have been because a guy out there is going to love you with his whole heart in the future.
I really think your hair looks great!
And what a lovely smile you have from your eyes
I hope whatever good vibes I can send will reach you and it puts an awkward, out-of-nowhere smirk on your face.
You are beautiful and strong and you are going to have a kick-ass time being single and enjoying your life.
EDIT: Also your eyes and nose ring are my fav
You have an adorable smile.
If you ever need an ear, send me a message!
your hair is an a+ my dude.
You said you've never been lower yet you still have a lovely smile in the picture.
I love your smile!
You have the smile of a Disney princess
I love your eyes!
Between that and your smile you're very cute.
I hope your recovery is smooth and you have every happiness once you're healed.
I love your eyes!
Keep your chin up and keep smiling.
Glad to hear that in your case, you're gaining weight.
Your cheeks especially adorable!
Ahhhhhh you have such a cute face!!!
You have a great beard, btw.
I'm a sucker for a smile and you might have the cutest I've seen.
Glad you're recovering and hope you can keep sharing that glowing smile.
It'll be really easy, because your hair looks great and just judging from what you wrote you have a great outlook on life.
You definitely have the ability to make complete strangers smile, and that's a wonderful gift.
Your eyes, your hair, your lips.
Your hair, eyes, piercings, everything just fits together perfectly.
Your weight doesn’t define who you are.
Your face is not only adorable but suggests to me a kind and loving soul.
And your nose is the cutest thing ever.
I love the color of your eyes!
Plus I’m a girl and you have way better hair than I do, I’m jealous haha.
I don’t know where you’re from, but I live in Germany and you would definitely turn some heads around here.
Your face is warm, trustworthy and a bit naughty!
Yet you have beautiful hair, it's brutal and glam at the same time !
I envy your beard and hair.
Dude, you look absolutely great, your hair is amazing, your smile is friendly and approachable, the beard is perfect, skin is blemish free, overall absolutely no reason to feel bad about your looks!
But seriously that hair tho, how do you maintain it?
Your skin is great.
Dude I want your hair so bad..
Saw your picture and your smile made me smile
Your hair is absolutely amazing.
And your smile - wow!
You have a kind, attractive face!
Your hair is silky and gorgeous, your eyes and enchanting (that color!
), and your skin is clear and glowing.
You have some of the kindest eyes I’ve ever seen!
The type of eyes where you can tell somebody is a lovely person just from the look in them.
(Also I’m beyond jealous of your hair)
I'm a girl and I'm jealous of your hair lol.
You have such a kind face and long flowy hair.
Really lights up your face
Absolutely gorgeous smile, that’d steal the spotlight if you flashed that in a full circle of strangers.
Plus, if your picture is any indication of your personality, you’re the outdoors type and that certainly attracts the ladies!
I like your glasses, and you have very nice teeth!
Many have commented on your smile and beauty, which I totally agree with, but I want to point out one feature I'm truly jealous of: your head shape.
You were blessed to have a smile that demands attention, and the eyes to match.
You have one of the most beautiful facial features I've seen; and a jaw-dropping smile ;)
You have perfect teeth, you look nice with huge glasses (I wish I did but I look comical), and you have a nose ring and look great!
Your eyes are mesmerisingly beautiful.
Your hair, eyebrows and eyelashes are all immaculate.
Whew your teeth is perfecttt and that smile is gorgeous.
Your eyes smile too!
You are absolutely gorgeous with that smile!
wow you have a really gorgeous face
If you don't have hair, then you're free to experiment with someone awesome that suits you.
You're really pretty, with huge eyes and that gorgeous smile, just lights up your face.
Is it your head?
I think the look suits you VERY WELL along with your piercings!
I really really like your nose ring.
That said... You are quite pretty :3 lovely smile。
I really like your piercings!
You are gorgeous, have a beautiful smile, and freakin’ perfect teeth!
You look incredibly kind and I love you smile with your entire face!
I cant see any dysmorphia and you got really pretty eyes!
You would look even better with a smile :)
Your face is so symmetrical, it's uncanny!
But I am sure you are even more beautiful without any of that makeup.
Sir, you appear to have trees growing on your arm.
You also have a great chin.
You are adorable, and I love your nose.
I would kill for your complexion.
Your hair and complexion are lovely!
You’re very strong and you can fighting through this :) your beard is very nice and you look like a good dude
Your hair looks great!
But you see..,,or think you see.,,,,a misshapen body part ?
I’m assuming you believe that would be your head since it’s the only physical part you’re showing us ?
Your healthy complexion is amazing!
Your lips are heavenly!
You have perfect skin!
You're going through a lot, but try to keep your head up high and push through.
You have PERFECT skin, nose, eye brows, and lips!
Don't worry too much about your weight (you don't look overweight at all).
You have beautiful skin and honestly, you’re kinda hot.
You have such kind eyes!
I'm assuming you feel self conscious about your skin, since you are "hiding" it.
I wish I knew more about make-up so I could properly express how I really like what you did :D I love what you did with your eyes, especially the freckled look just drags my attention straight to your eyes (which are mesmerizing).
you have flawless skin girl!
You're adorable &amp; you have beautiful hair.
Your hair is immaculate.
Are you getting help of some kind right now?
But most of all I wish wish you the happiness that you so obviously deserve.
I've always felt weird about shaving because I feel like I look babyfaced, but you remind me that dudes without beards can look like Sterling fucking Archer.
You seem like the kind of guy to bring extra snacks and drinks to a party that you know everyone will enjoy, even when you didn’t need to.
:) &amp; wow, your skin is so clear!
Keep your head up man, you look great.
You seem kind and self confident and like someone who can connect with many different kinds of people.
Your eyes look amazing!
Hopefully it will all turn around for you, because I can tell in your face that you’re genuinely nice dude and deserve better.
Your eyes and hair are amazing and what you're wearing flatters you immensely.
Your face cut, features, and posture are all perfect!
Keep your head up, you have a beautiful smile capable of making everyone around you smile!
Thank you all for you incredibly kind comments, really.
Oh that’s a big change moving all around but it’s also new opportunities :) your hair may be hard to manage but it is beautiful!
Haha well your hair is great :)
I can think of a great many girls that would fall for your eyes alone!
Keep your chin up.
You look like you’d have sort of a “bad boy” look but actually have a heart of gold
You have the most kind eyes!
You really do have such sweet, kind eyes :) You are very handsome!
How could you ever be rejected with those beautiful eyes and soulful smile?
Your hair is very nice!
I love your shoulder bird
You look like such a sweet, kind dude with a loving heart.
I know that you are capable of many things only if you decide to stop listening to the conversations in your head and choose to create new ones.
I know that you may not think much of yourself right now because I’ve been there as well but I can tell you that you have a kind soul and are yearning for more.
You have really pretty eyes and you look kind.
You have an absolutely glowing smile
I've never walked in your shoes but I have felt similarly.
Your beard really works and I love your tattoo.
Your smile is so sweet!
I thank you all from the bottom of my heart and I wish you all nothing but absolutely happiness.
You deserve happiness, love, joy, life.
Therapy isn’t a miracle cure, but it helps you learn how to survive with the hand you’ve been given.
You have a very kindly face.
Dude idk what you’re talking about, your hair looks freaking awesome in this photo
Your hair looks great :)
Anyway, I'm a sucker for facial hair, and yours is on point (really liking your eyebrows).
As an aside, you're a really good looking chap and your hair looks fabulous.
You really are a lovely woman and I bet you have the courage and strength down deep to grieve, heal and get out there again (No worries if there are bouts of bawling your head off!
Dude you have the opposite genes of going bald, your hair looks so full and voluminous!
I'm jonesen with your hair man.
Honestly after seeing your picture I'm changing how I do my hair.
You've got some Bradley Cooper in your face for sure.
Silly analogy, but try to think of these times as having a congested nose, just remember how good that clear nose is again, when you can breathe, and dream for that day.
If it's been 10 years, and he hasn't realised how fine you are/had his hands on you for 10 years straight, then he's the one with the problem, what else could it be?
Your nicely filled lips?
Are your eyes brown or something else?
You look like you're going good places with that hair.
You have nice eyes, perfect skin and good style.
You could very easily pull off Clark Kent, Bruce Wayne or Archer (with some of that linework makeup).
You have beautiful hair.
Your eyes are gorgeous, your hair is perfect, your glasses are are freaking cool, and your freckles are adorable.
Keep your chin up buddy, you’ll gain your confidence but don’t worry about rushing it, you’ve got a long time to find it.
No female has found you attractive with those sparkly blue eyes?
Your eyes are lovely and you have a great jaw line.
Your skin is absolutely luminously fantastic
You have nice eyes.
Love your eyes and beard!
Keep your chin up and just put in everything you got in this new chapter of life!!
Your hair is absolutely perfect!
Love your hair and that smile!
I hope you can brighten everyone’s day with that smile
But apart from that, your figure already looks perfect to me!
I think you have the optimal body!
The color of your hair is absolutely fantastic and your smile is positively radiant!
You can wear the hell out of them shorts so be proud of your killer legs.
Your smile made my evening ❤ You look like the sweetest gal, and I hope you have a wonderful day!
Thank you for your kindness.
Your hair looks fabulous.
You have a great smile!
I love how, just from your typed words, your personality and your smile, I can tell how wonderfully genuine you are :) I hope you have a wonderful day as well!
God, your hair is gorgeous.
Your smile has lifted my spirits after a rough morning, a much appreciated gesture.
Your lipstick is absolutely perfect and your hair is absolutely lovely, curly and such a pleasant red!
You look gorgeous and your eyes show that you're kind, thoughtful and really loving.
I love your lips!
You’re beautiful and I love your smile.
Your hair is like a sunrise after a month of rain.
You are so pretty and there are so many men who would give their left testicle to get a woman like you.
Beautiful lipstick on you Donna, great shade with your skin tone.
Your smile is infectious and genuine, I hope you have a wonderful day!
You are seriously rocking those curls and that lipstick, hope you had a great day!
Your eyes are gorgeous wow
You seem to have a light in you that shines when you smile.
I love your smile!
I hope you find reasons to keep smiling :)
You have really nice looking skin!
Your smile can light up the internet
You are a very beautiful woman with an amazing smile and captivating eyes.
I know everyone is saying it, but you really do have a great smile.
I’m going to add my voice to the chorus of people saying that your smile is just an absolute delight.
I love it Also, really dig the hairstyle, suits your face EDIT: Spelling
You look like you're a great soul to be around, I hope the next few months get better!
Your smile made me smile, thank you!
You have strong shoulders!
I love your smile and your dark hair.
Your smile is infectious.
I hope you can channel some of that confidence into your personality.
You have sunshine eyes!
I'm 24 and you absolutely put my facial hair to shame, what the hell is your secret?
Mad beard bro you don’t look like it’s the morning after a night out haha.
I'd say anytime you are feeling down, go check yourself out in the mirror and smile.
You'll see your beauty smiling back.
Thank you for making my life brighter and giving me a reason to smile.
I love your hair.
Keep smiling and if you need to vent, hmu
Well the new haircut looks amazing and those dimples when you smile ;)
I think your hairstyle kicks ass and you're absolutely gorgeous.
You have ridiculously gorgeous eyes.
Also your eyebrows look amazing, I’m jealous.
Your hair looks very pretty too!
And your eyebrows are on point!
Over all you're a very pretty girl ♡ keep your head up.
You have a very sweet, kind smile which I'm sure reflects your personality, and good things always come to good people.
Your hair looks gorgeous!
The dimples are A+ and only add to how beautiful you look!
You and those adorable dimples can go anywhere, girl!
I love your haircut and amazing dimples :)
The dimples would be enough but then you throw in those eyes and that hair!
Love your eyes, hair, and that tattoo!
At least you were smart enough to figure it out, the internet is a dangerous minefield.
Love your beard, eyes, and I think you've some nice lips hiding in there, ha.
Your haircut was a good idea.
You have flawless skin too.
You also have amazing eyes and a very beautiful smile.
I love your eyes and lips and I imagine you tossing that hair confidently.
Reaching out and putting your beautiful face out here is a good brave start.
Nah, you've got great eyes and hair you just take rejection hard.
Your stylist might have just gotten you a raise with that amazing hair.
You look beautiful... keep smiling
Your hair is awesome, and you look so pretty and sweet!
I love your long thick brown hair, beautiful eyes and a beautiful smile.
first you must become happy in your own skin.
I like the soft breezy way the waves surround your face.
You really have a beautiful face.
You'd be surprised at how much it will increase your confidence and your happiness when you do a small thing to give confidence and happiness to someone else.
Give other people love and care and you will receive it You just need a smile on your lips, so make some list and look for a way to put a smile in your heart.
Your dimples are sooooo cute!
Keep your head up!
Homie, your hair and dimples are gorgeous, and you look like a very kind person.
Your eyes are beautiful.
Woah your hair looks amazing!
And try to keep your head up, you'll make it to the position you are supposed to be in.
Own it you have a face that would make a girl melt.
Be kind and show that smile and everything will turn around in time :) And you take badass pictures!
Love your adorable smile!
You have such lovely hair, and you are far from ugly.
You smile is a warm ray of sun, shine on you crazy diamond!
Fuckkk, that jawline and those eyes are killing me, I can’t imagine you have any trouble getting girls/guys.
Thats not even going into the work you must put into your skin and eyebrows?
They look so nice, they really make your eyes stand out in a beautiful way.
Your jaw is amazing, your hairline is even, your hair is thick, your skin is clear.
Nice hair, good nose, not to mention those eye brows (which are not always great on guys but yours are so perfectly shaped already) you really are one good looking guy.
As far appearance goes you don’t have anything to worry about buddy.
Your eyes are really pretty too.
Keep that smile and make it bigger because it makes you radiate.
Omg I love your hair a lot!
You have so much going for you in terms of your looks and that hair and those eyes and that facial structure.
That 👏 jaw 👏 line 👏 Those eyes Whew Have an espresso pick me up with your looks you deserve it (: Also you look look like you have a smile that’d make me weak in the knees
Took me a while to actually ***look*** at your face as a whole because each feature of your face took up all my attention.
You’ve got the casual, relaxed charm and a face so gorgeous that, if you left, it would obviously inspire a sad, slightly angsty (but not quite edgy) soft-rock chorus.
Either way don't be too hung up over him, rejection sucks but you had the balls to go out there and put yourself in that position and that is truly commendable :) You're a beautiful person with fabulous hair!
I love your smile and your hair looks so nice, how did you curl it?
But you got a clean face, a nice little smirk going on, you got it going on there.
I feel like you have the kind of smile that's hard to bring out, but worth it because it lights up your whole face.
And you have beautiful eyes :)
Well I just want your perfect flawless skin, like baby angel's butt level of skin, I would sell my goddamn soul if I had one for your epidermis.
I admire your determination to keep smiling.
I know it's difficult, but with this attitude, you'll be showing your gorgeous smile all the time :)
You have such a friendly face!
Keep your chin up!
You’re about to open your eyes and just do it.
Plus, you can tell by this picture that you have a gorgeous personality to boot.
Bro, I am *diggng* your eyebrows.
Idk if it’s the angle of the pic or not but you look really good in that shirt, I see some muscle on that arm so I’m gonna take my chances and say that you just look hella good in that shirt.
Plus you have a really nice face shape and super soft, expressive eyes.
Please don't worry too much about the weight gain, it sucks to have your work undone, but you did it before and you can definitely do it again!
So I’m sure you have intrinsic value related to your personality and skills.
Also, I don’t know if this is gonna make sense but you have a kind face.
Your eyes are gorgeous and your curves are enviable.
You have such a happy smile, i can’t help but smile back when I look at you!!
I really like the way that shirt looks on you, and you have the cutest dimples ☺️ I’d be happy to listen if you need to talk about your troubling thoughts, but you need to know that those thoughts you’re having are totally normal.
Keep your chin up my friend, and stay strong!
You have such a pretty smile, &lt;3 It made me smile.
You have beautiful eyes (no homo)
Keep your head up mate!
I would kill to have your hairline (as would many guys) and that jawline, you’ve got a very masculine face and it works for you.
The only way you could improve your look is with a big beautiful smile!
Your beautiful skin, bright eyes, and gentle smile probably make a lot of people smile.
Then on to the eyes... if you kept eye contact with any woman I can guarantee those panties will be moist.
Dude you look like Michelangelo spent 18 hours straight working on your face.
Keep your eye on the prize and take whatever steps you can to get the job you want.
Glad you and your pretty face are here!
Your eyes, lips, and hair are super dreamy.
hold your head high and take pride in yourself.
for the record, I like your haircut.
Depending on what field you want to get into you have to send off a ton of applications and face multiple rejections.
Re: your face - you have cute lips and eyebrows.
Hope you have a license to walk around looking that good Also really dig the purple tint to your hair
Loving your dress sense and the vibe of confidence in your picture.
Plus you seem like someone with good taste in humor and music
Don’t let the adults in your life make you feel like you don’t have time to figure out who and what you want to be.
You really know how to take an attractive ficture, and even just from this single one your face feels expressive.
Got a skater punk look going for you, keep your head up!!
DANG you got some hair!
It’s not a bad thing, I just means you haven’t met the girl who is going to love you with all her heart yet.
Keep your head up my friend, you are a good looking dude.
Just keep your head up.
You have some of the most gorgeous eyes I’ve ever seen!!
Keep your chin up
You have soft eyes and a killer jawline, something for both the men and the ladies to appreciate 😛 You're killing it!
You really do have very pretty eyes :)
You have kind eyes
You have very full lips and your eyes are stunning.
You definitely beat him in terms of facial hair, his whiskers are messy and all over the place whilst you pull of a pretty great beard and moustache.
His nose is slightly cuter but your ears are much cuter.
Your face is really symmetric and the color of your eyes is somehow really satisfying •ᴗ•
Killer jawline, looks like you take care of your hair, staying in shape!
You're lovely and you have amazing hair and skin :-)
 You seem like you have the soul of an artist.
Tbh you look exactly like the kind of guy I would chill out with at our city artwalks.
You look like a handsome and chill dude, though, and I think you have a great smile.
Your smile lights up this whole photo.
Love your eyes and that barely suppressed smile, killing it.
You are the kind of person who lights up a room.
I zoomed in cuz you mentioned it lol but I only noticed that light in your eyes.
As a guy who is helping his own girlfriend out of a simmilar situation i can safely say that he wouldnt have been there for you if you werent an amazing person that deserves love and kindness.
I love your eyes btw they’re very large and kind, you’ve got a really soft and cute face!
It might take some time to recover but you'll head into your next battle stronger than you were, and you will succeed.
I've got your back.
you are one cool ass lookin dude
Your body is incredibly well proportioned!!
Also love you nail color, makes you look glowing and tan.
You've got a good build and a Clarke Kent kind of look... now all you need is the belief that you're actually powerful and capable, whether anyone else knows it or not!
Your eyes are the most gorgeous shade of blue.
I'm glad you got out and are feeling better, being a transplant to a new city can be difficult but I know you will figure it out.
Dude seriously you have some *kick ass hair*
Hope your Monday kicks ass!
For what it’s worth, you have a very cute smile.
You have an incredibly handsome smile, and eyes!
And if that it your "fake" smile then you must surely melt hearts with your "real" smile because you are one fantastically handsome fella.
And until they do, we're all here for you and we've got your back.
You have great hair and have tons of style!
You look fabulous and you have gorgeous skin!
You also really pull off the facial hair and don't make it look scruffy, and I think hair is styled very nice too.
Your eyes look very fierce.
Your face has a powerful presence.
You are honestly stunning, and have a really kind smile.
It starts from within and you’ve gotten up, brushed your hair, put on make up, driven to school/work...... Let you love you more and more everyday.
Your face radiates kindness.
But, aside from physical beauty, looking into your eyes and your smile you have a wondrous spirit.
Your eyes are absolutely piercing and demand attention and I really like them!
You look like the kind of above-average actress they get to play "average" characters in the movies.
Keep your head up, everything will be great.
Your skin is unreal.
Your eyes are electric and you have a beautiful face.
You have eyes like a siberian husky, gorgeous long hair and a smile to kill for.
Honestly, I was trying to single out your most standout feature but you are just straight eye candy, my dude.
You pull of the facial hair perfectly and your eyebrows are lit af.
I know how you feel with the whole body image thing.
You have beautiful eyes
You have beautiful eyes!
Your eyes are beautiful.
it'll stop raining eventually, and when it does you can rinse yr spiritual galoshes and see yr ADORABLE smile and be like "ya i WILL be alright
Holy moly I am SO jealous of your skin 0:
You have lovely eyes and hair.
You have beautiful eyes and look like a very kind and warm hearted person!!
I like your hair and your eyes, and also respect your desire to stay safe by wearing a seatbelt.
I know nothing about you obviously, but you look like you’d be the kind of person who makes people more comfortable just by talking to them.
You have mesmerizing eyes!
Your eyes are absolutely gorgeous.
You have very beautiful cheek bones and a nice jawline.
If that's your natural hair color, it's beautiful.
You look like a kind person, again don't know you at all, basing it on just looks.
You should do some styling with your hair.
Your eyes are very nice.
You have lovey eye lashes and wonderful eyes :)
Soon as you walk in, find the biggest, baddest bitch in that motherfucker and flash her a winning smile.
Your eyes have this deeply emotional depth to them and I know you've probably been through some difficult times.
You have such a cute smile!
You have a great jawline and strong chin!
If you ever need a ear, please reach out!
You rock that colour hair so well!
It's amazingly helpful to be able to pour your heart out in a non-judgmental way to someone who doesn't have an agenda or an ulterior motive.
&gt;You'll the be thrown in the "fishbowl" with a bunch of other people of the same gender (unless you are being an asshole or are suicidal then you'll be segregated and possibly restrained).
&gt;After mugs/prints (no ink like the old days, they have a scanner thing that you lay your hand on and it "scans" your prints into the computer) you go back to the fishbowl.
Unless you are a total fucking asshole you are not going to beat be up or fucked with and you certainly are not going to be raped.
The fastest was to get ostracized and eventually get your ass kicked to to stink or be a fucking slob.
My guess is that due to the fact you are only going to be a guest for 24 hours, you will not even be dressed in.
I would figure you will sit in the "fishbowl" in intake for your entire stay.
You are beautiful and have a radiant smile.
BUT - your eyes are a really pretty color and your hair is super soft and healthy-looking AND that tree earring is awesome and you rock it.
Keep your chin up and keep living your life with a charisma and confidence that a smile like that brings.
Aww you have a great smile, love!
Your smile made ME smile.
you have good bone structure and pretty eyes, ur kinda cute ngl.
And you have a great smile.
Hope you can find happiness and good friends on your journey brother and all the best to you :) Remember to keep smiling and take the time to enjoy doing the things you love.
You look really good in glasses and your smile is highly contagious.
And as other people have said, you are rocking some pretty cool clothes and a sweet looking smile.
In the beginning, the waves are 100 feet tall and crash over you without mercy.
Somewhere down the line, and it's different for everybody, you find that the waves are only 80 feet tall.
I’m not sure what happened with them because you seem very sweet and have suuuuch an adorable face.
Try not to beat yourself up about your exams, you’ll kick ass and take names on your way out!
Don't take those words to heart, take them to gym and use them to fuel your workouts :) Also, those glasses make you look super cute!
You are a beautiful lady and your smile says you are resilient.
When you are ready, you'll smile again.
Glad you and your cute face are still here.
Keep your head up, you’re gorgeous.
Love your eyes, smile, and hair.
You have such kind eyes and such a positive vibe :) You got this shit.
You are inspiring me to get going on my weight loss journey!
And when I say progress, I secretly mean your body.
You're lovely and losing the weight that was holding you down is a tremendous accomplishment.
Finally, I assure you that the people criticizing you are a thousand time less secure about their body/life than you are.
The people picking you apart are not likely supermodels themselves, and truthfully would probably pick apart the body of a supermodel as well because the only "skill" they have is being douchenozzles.
You look lovely, and congrats to you for losing so much weight!
The fact that you even worry about such things shows you have a good heart.
You look great, keep it up and keep your head high!
And you have such kind eyes!
I bet you have a special place in so many people's hearts and they would love to be there for you if you show them a different, more real side of yourself.
Their souls are ugly, and you can't fix stupid.
Jealousy brings out ugly remarks, congratulations on your weight loss, you look very pretty.
Your eyebrows are on point, you're perfectly manicured and your hair perfectly compliments you.
And yes, you do have very nice eyes and eyebrows!
Keep your chin up!
You look great, people are dicks.
They missed your face.
Every time they saw your empty chair, their heart broke a little.
You look strong enough to tough this out and will kick ass in the next chapter of your life.
You are here for a reason, don’t leave before you figure out what it is.
One day you will look back at all these heart breaks that almost broke you and you will realize that you were made stronger for it, and that it was a gift.
Just make sure you choose one side of the fence or the other -- keep it clean or go full beard.
Keep your head up, guy.
You’re doing great, and you have a lovely nose
Your eyebrows are amazing
You have very kind and welcoming eyes, too.
Keep your head up, your puppy loves you, and I’m sure your family does too.
Your life will change in all kinds of ways, and while not all of them will be easy or fun or positive, the majority of them will be.
Keep your chin up, darling.
As for actual compliments, I have to say you have amazingly clear skin!!
Tons of people (including me) have got to be jealous of your complexion, and it's hard to tell from this photo but it looks like you have really pretty eyelashes too.
You have lovely skin (Don't mention the basket and the lotion) Kidding!
But I would have been so jealous to have such perfect skin at your age.
You have a friendly looking face, so I think any hiring manager would like that considering you weren't let go because of lack of skill reasons.
You should be back on your feet in no time!
Keep your head up bud!
One day you won't even really be able to remember their names, or recall their faces.
Listen to a song that makes your heart soar.
You are stronger than the nagging thoughts in your head, and you can come out this the other side.
It’s so hard to see past the moment or even small time frame you are in.
You would look awesome with pizza in hand
Eyes, lips, hair, brows, your face is camera and eye candy.
You need to make a list of priorities, I don’t know your financial situation (savings etc) but it might be worth heading over to they have had a few posts similar to this and they provide great advice on how to move forward.
:) You have every right to feel sassy after nailing it!
It's not easy, I'm in the same boat but you are a truly beautiful person that radiates a warm type of kindness.
You seem like the kind of guy I'd like to grab a beer with and talk music with all evening!
There is someone out there that you are going to love with all your heart, and he for you.
Here's 3 things I like about you: 1 - good taste in T shirts and possibly music 2 - you've got what seems to be a lovely face, if a bit dejected in this picture (understandably) 3 - you've got the balls to ask for what you want, and quite clearly, as evidenced by the title of this post
Your hair is so pretty and cute.
I think you are very lovely, you are more than worth someone's love and attention, and I hope you are able to come back to being happy enough to use that beautiful smile more.
I love your style and eyes.
You got a nice smile, start showing it more!
You are so beautiful and he's such an asshole for not valuing and respecting you.
You guys have a spectacularly beautiful home, and all of the Scots I’ve met are so kind and have a fantastic sense of humor!
Keep your head up!
My dad told me two important things: always be clear about where you want to go, because it’ll prevent you from having an accident (ie use your blinker), and if the brake lights of the person in front of you are on, *your* foot should be off the gas.
Congrats to you :) I have finally found an instructor I am comfortable with and book lessons in advance so I don't back out.
You’re a grownup with a cooler head on your shoulders and a more developed understanding of how the world works.
I love how your awesomeness flows from your hair to your shirt!
Love the hair and your style.
Wish i could see your face better, although from the picture you seem kinda cute
you have a nice looking jaw line and a fairly handsome face.
I’m only cool enough to wear one pair of glasses damn Also you’re cute as hell and I hope your day is full of some dank ass memes
At this point in your life, you can't possibly have many tools to deal with the kind of pain you are experiencing.
I also like that you have the heart to care about the dog having dirt thrown in its face in that picture you commented on awhile back.
You got some fine smile game going on.
Your hair matches the top of the shirt, it all goes together very well!
I like your smile.
Keep smiling at strangers, and just see how many smiles you get in return!!
Keep your head up and one day I'm sure you'll find the dream partner you deserve!
I honestly love how you matched your hair, sunglasses, necklace, and shirt!!
Your beard game is strong!
I love your piercings.
Finding someone that you want to share your happiness with is key.
I love your smile lines around your mouth and eyes.
If you can count the people on more than one hand that are there through famine, fire, rain, snow and prosperity, you are among the luckiest of the living.
You have a really hot face - I feel like you have a super cute smile!
I wish you all happiness now and forever :)
Also your hair suits you so much, looks amazing on you!
Your hair colour is really, really cool and unique.
I wish I could see your genuine smile.
You look very self conscious in this picture, but you seem like you would have a kind, gentle smile if you let it show.
While you have no reason to hate taking selfies, since you foine, the fact that you do hate taking selfies leaves you with all this extra time where you would otherwise be taking infinite selfies of your beautiful face!
Having defeated depression, you are now like Conan freed from the Wheel of Pain, ready to take on any challenge the world might offer with your mighty mind muscles!
And your hair is doooooope.
You've got great features, your eyes are kind and I bet your smile is inviting.
Just get comfortable not giving a crap about what others think or about those negative thoughts that go through your head and keep doing the things that make you happy.
I really like your curly hair, man.
It’s all in your head.
You have beautiful eyes and an interesting face.
The mole above the left side of your mouth is kind of sexy.
The kind of self reflection it takes to even identify problems you need to improve is not to be overlooked.
Your breathing tube is like an extra smile for your nose, or a fancy transparent mustache!
Who needs makeup when you already look like that?
If you kept wearing it you'd probably just go around beauty-blinding random people in the street and they'd just be stumbling out into the open road clutching their eyes, distraught that they've experienced pinnacle human hotness this early in their life.
Your hair is so on point that I almost didn't even get to the rest of your face, and that would have been a dang ole shame because its a good one!
Your face, your shirt, your style, your vibe, your job.
You have a cool style, and you look like you have an easygoing personality.
Your eyes are so blue!
And as far as your facial structure goes, you've got a fantastic jawline!
Your eyes are a lovely color!
My first thought when I saw your picture was not “that guy looks weird”, but instead, “he has amazing eyes and perfect hair”.
You say you aren’t good at anything any more, but I’m sure you are amazing at making others smile and brightening their day.
I know it's hard to see yourself that way, but try to keep your head up man!
Your eyes are stunning!
And not many girls can pull off a dress like that the way you do, either.
Those braces don’t look bad on you, the first few weeks of braces can be hell, believe me, it’s really an inconvenience but you’ll come out looking better than ever, your boyfriend is missing out on a beautiful smile!
I love how blue your eyes are.
Your smile is going to be beautiful by the time you're done with them - not that it's not already.
Keep your head up, boys will be boys.
 Your face is unique, and that's not a bad thing at all!
Your smile is lighting up that room!
You have a kind face.
Love your overweight self, treat yourself with kindness, and you'll find people around you, good friends, romantic partners, that share that view - because they love themselves as well, and it just feels good.
You are attractive, you have a lovely smile &amp; you shouldn’t be down on yourself
Embrace yourself and your body and other people will too.
I like your hair cut and your glasses look really good on you!
With that kind of confidence, I'm sure when the right girl comes about, you'll be more than ready and you will get the great response you're looking for.
If it makes you feel any better you look like the kind of guy I would be friends with.
Life is never fair but keep your head up knowing you aren't part of the problem.
You have most excellent hair.
I like your hair.
You look like a really sweet guy with a great haircut.
I bet your face is like a sun when you genuinely crack up.
Your smile is infectious!
You’re a gorgeous woman with magnificent eyebrows and you can kick life’s ass.
I'd like to get in your head too please, you have a very nice head haha.
You have pretty eyes, strong eyebrow game and lovely hair.
Sounds like you have a good head on those shoulders, so keep up the good work all around :)
You seem determined and know what's coming , so as long as your mind is prepared you'll nail it .
I love your hair btw but girl YOU GOT THIS
I love your hair, those curls look absolutely stunning.
but in my head i replaced the word "hardest" with "defining" of your title and it changed the tone so much.
Keep ya head up beautiful, you got this
Your face is yummy!
It complements your hair perfectly!
Don't give up, and don't listen to that voice inside your head making you doubt yourself.
I keep recovering and relapsing but seeing how beautiful and happy you look right now and how great your body looks is so inspiring and makes me not so afraid to gain weight!
Hey girlie, you’re beautiful and strong, and I admire your strength and courage to face your struggles head on.
I have faith in you, and if you ever need a shoulder, all you have to do is shoot me a PM.
Your eyes are amazing.
And when it's all said and done and you're 90 years old, you're going to be looking back on the beautiful relationships you have had and the impact you've made, not on whatever body parts you thought needed fixing back in 2018.
And one more time: you're just freaking gorgeous and your smile is melting me.
You have nice eyes!
Your eyes are beautiful!
You're beautiful love your eyes and smile :)
Especially like your eyes &amp; hair.
chalk up what he did as his loss, smile, and know he's not worth your time.
You have great eyes and lips and reeeek of cuteness.
Just seeing your picture made me smile as well!
She talks nice about you when you’re not here.” There’s some kind of insecurity in your mom.
Keep your head up, try and reschedule if you can.
I wish I could offer more support, other than just ‘what beautiful eyes’ or how pretty you look.
Your makeup is spot-on, and your complexion is remarkable.
You wear that hairstyle well.
Your dimple is adorable.
Also I love your eyes.
Long relationships are very hard to adjust out of but you'll get there, and one day you'll be looking back and you'll feel something, hopefully not regret, but happiness that you grew as a person based on this experience.
It's going to be a long road bud, my gf of 11 years left me and I'm just getting on my feet now 9 months later, it's a killer but you will get there.
Keep your head up and remember how awesome you are; he lost this time, now go out and live your life how you want to.
Rule of thumb for open relationships: you open a relationship when it’s a good relationship that will be made even better by increasing the amount of fun experiences for both parties, not as a last-ditch effort to save a struggling one.
What kind of behavior are you willing to accept and where do you draw the line?
Now you have to mourn the future you thought you could count on and figure out a new one, which is terrifying for anybody, but especially for someone dealing with anxiety.
Your smile is not only with your mouth but with your entire face.
Your eyes and your face muscles all "Smile", making anyone's day a bit better.
What I'm trying to say is, you have a really nice smile.
Your smile lights up your whole being!
I love the cut of your dress!
Also your hair is everything I want mine to be, but alas it doesn't curl like yours and the color doesn't shine like yours!
You have an amazing smile, and that dress is super adorbs.
Your sweet face, your smile, your kind eyes, your impeccable fashion sense... no way in hell are you ugly.
Keep smiling you lovely Lady!
Your smile brightens the room.
You radiate kindness and warmth in a sexy ‘girl next door you fantasize about’ way.
Regardless of your physical appearance you will always be worthy of love and respect - but you are absolutely gorgeous.
I wish I had the patience for your makeup and brows.
You'll probably have to work at it like you worked on your body.
And it'll take time just like your body did.
Congrats on your progress and your eyes!
Hits your heart like a drum.
Losing a bunch of weight means that, on some level, you're losing some of your identity, too.
That dress is adorable my daughter would love your taste in clothes.
Personally, I would love your hair and eye color!
I think your beard looks great, I'm kinda jealous!
That plus your glasses give you this kind, soulful vibe.
Would love to see a pic of you where you smile, I think a smile would look FANTASTIC on you :) Sorry about your loss, I hope things get better for you!
Your beard is pretty on point as well so I think you are set on that front.
What I wonder is how much more handsome you might be with a suave smile.
First off, there's nothing at all to be ashamed of with your beard.
You look like you have a kind heart and work everyday to enrich others lives.
Your beard also looks good man.
Keep your chin up.
But I'm gonna tell you what, you're a really handsome dude and I think your facial hair is perfecto (a lady who loves beards lol) keep your chin up, and your awesome beard up.
I’m sorry about your father figure.
My beard sometimes grows in so full that it can make me come off as a bit too serious/sullen - I think what you've got going makes you look very thoughtful and kind!
You look like you have a wonderful, warm belly laugh that makes other people laugh in happiness, even if the original joke was a "groaner."
And your father figure will give you his strength.
Totally honest: You look great, your beard looks great, don’t worry about your looks as they are right now, I have no doubt in my mind that you will see how great you are doing.
You have great lips, a lovely chin and jaw line, wonderful eyes and eyelashes.
They fit your face perfectly.
Your father figure will always live on in your own heart, always within you (this transcends any afterlife beliefs) and now he lives on through you, and people look up to you.
Omg your skin is so lovely!
You could totes rock a bare face more often if that's something you're trying.
Your eyes are stunning!
Wow, I don't think you really need makeup.
I think that mean and critical inner voice needs to stfu, because your beard looks great to me.
You have such a bright sunny smile ❤️ hugs from me to you stranger
You have huge, lovely expressive eyes.
great smile, you look happy :) and you have nothing to be ashamed of, wear it proud!
I hope you keep being met with success and happiness in your life.
You look pretty and have a kind face!
You have incredibly kind eyes, and the face of a person who I would immediately trust and open up to.
Your eyes are gorgeous and I love your smile.
Choose something you like to focus on (like your eyes or cute smile) instead of dumping on yourself :)
A guy that has qualities of kindness, courage, compassion, honesty, trust, love, passion will be very very attractive regardless of their appearance - and you can cultivate those within yourself.
From a straight dude: you’re actually pretty good looking, I’m jealous of your beard tbh haha.
Personally I really go for the smiling-with-a-beard look, and if I was only younger I would love to at least have you as a friend- and maybe more!
I would say that if you could get a decent smile on your face and a nice attitude, in addition to your amazing eyes, you would be a solid 7, no way you wouldn't attract girls, just believe in yourself mate.
and about girls maybe you are not the right asshole they want for themselves..
My dude, you gotta love yourself and your beard.
Treating your beard and finding the best way to express your cheek growth is a great way to boost confidence!
You have beautiful blue eyes like a wolf or a husky!
Your smile seems really nice, in the sense that you look kind and genuine.
Your complexion is so clear and you have an awesome beard 😁
I barely had any facial hair when I was 20, so you are 20 steps ahead of the game
Notice people that are fun to be around or that you admire and then really look at their face.
You have lovely blue eyes, smooth clear skin, and a nice beard.
(of course not all young women feel this way) You actually have great features: mouth, nose, hair eyes.
I love you wavy hair and you have wonderful eyes.
I always figure we all are allotted a certain amount of crappy days so now you have a few of those days behind you.
Good bone structure, beautiful eyes, strong eye brows, full lips... You really have the potential to be the full package once you’ve got a dash of confidence and a little bit of smoothing out the rough edges :) You’re that guy in high school that goes back to his reunion and everyone is like, what.
You have some pretty awesome eyes
Style your hair a touch, stand up straight, and relax.
No one can tell you're shy if you project confidence through your body language :)
You have a really good structured face, and nice eyes.
If you lost some weight in your face, you would easily slay.
You have lovely eyes and a kind face.
You're an absolute stunner, your nose, your hair, your eyes, your jawline!!!!
You have amazing eyes and such a kind face!
Point is, you look funny with those you trust and look like a genuine friend too, some April Ludgate type character is probably eyeing you out already, just can’t muster up the courage.
You have an excellent bikini body.
You have a body, and you’re wearing a bikini!
That means you have a bikini body.
You have a very welcoming smile.
Your smile is contagious, and I love the happiness in your eyes!
Your whole look and smile gives me a modern day Clark Kent vibe.
Put a big, confident smile on your face and all the women will fall for you ;) Also, I see you're not skipping leg days - good on you!
It is said that owners of blue eyes are the best lovers ;) Congrats on coming out to your family, I bet it took alot of time to gather up the courage!
Just a ridiculously good looking person, a kind of beauty you don't see every day.
You have curious, kind eyes.
Seeing your face made me smile.
Your hair and glasses are geeky but in a good way.
Love the way you styled your hair man!
I hope you don't mind me pointing out the cute little gap in your teeth.
You have a great smile!
I absolutely love your smile.
You have beautiful eyes!
Edit: your eyes are gorgeous!
You have kind eyes and seem to have a strong spirit.
You have amazing eyes and lips and silly is an underrated feeling.
Fun hair, freckles, and incredible eyes on you too.
You have amazing eyes, hair, and lips.
And your skin looks flawless!
I like your beard.
It has a nice shape, as well as your eyebrows.
Oh, and I also think you have great eyes!
You seem like a good looking dude, nice sense of dress as well.
Rock solid look, my man👍 Keep your head up, and keep smiling.
You look like you're in pretty good shape, you've got great hair, really expressive eyes and good skin.
You have a very symmetrical and beautiful face.
Your nose is cute, your eyes are sparkling and the shape of your face flattering.
You have very beautiful eyes :)
You are an attractive guy with very pretty eyes!
You have great eyes dude!!
And your face has great proportions (symmetry).
You have good skin as well.
Wow.. All of your nice comments are brining tears to my (apparently beautiful) eyes!
I really like your lips :) I think that shape is really attractive on men &lt;3
Dude your eyes are gorgeous.
I like the shape of your face and your beard is very fitting.
Your hair looks pretty awesome.
You have such a nice, soft smile.
You look great and you have a good smile, and of course, great hair!
I love your eyebrows, your eyes, your nose and mouth.
You look like you’ve been crying your eyes out and yet you still manage to look so beautiful.
You have beautiful features and dreamy eyes.
Keep your head up.
Put some of your favourite happy music, stand in front of the mirror and smile becauae you are beautiful, and dance like that's all matter right now.
Your eyes are gorgeous!
I’ve seen plenty of husbands who look like you hanging out at the store or the beach with their kids, so it can’t be an “appearance problem” at all, but let’s say you live in an area with a lot of preppy/“yuppie” singles or whatever: they might think your beard and physique are from some metalhead/military/“deep Southerner” background, which they’re intimidated by even *more* than they’re attracted to, and so they never even bother pursuing a connection because human beings are drawn to people’s “outside” before we ever seek a connection to their “inside” ... if all that makes any sense :P I would try this: get a handle on what type of person would attract you most physically (which might take forever, but still).
Then figure out exactly how far *you’d* be willing to change to better look like the “type” your ideal mate would be into (change up your beard/wardrobe but keep the muscles non-negotiable, preserve the wardrobe/hair but shrink the muscles in case an abuse survivor finds them intimidating, and so on).
And finally, begin the long, arduous journey of moving past the superficial stage and picking the best personality/human being you can make a connection with from amongst those you already find attractive, because that’s really the only thing that’ll matter decades after you both look completely different, and honestly aren’t too fixated on mere appearances anymore.
You have such soft, beautiful eyes!
also, you have to have a certain kind of drive to become a teacher.
You have great hair and eyes.
You have a great smile that lights up a room, and I can't imagine you won't find happiness again.
Keep your chin held high, friend, keep smiling, and know that no matter what, your friends and family will be there to support you, so let them in, and they will guide you out of the darkness.
You have a kind face, btw.
Keep your head up and keep moving on
You are very handsome and you can tell in your eyes and smile that you're a kind, caring person.
(Also I like your beard.)
You have kind eyes and a kind smile, dude.
Also, you look like you got great hair.
You look like a great guy and have really kind eyes, a great smile and I’m sure you’ll find someone who cares for you as much as you care for them.
I like your beard.
:D That being said, I'm uber jealous of your ability to grow facial hair like a Sasquatch on steroids.
I like your face :p
Stop comparing your happiness to the happiness and success of others, and just make up your mind to be joyful and grateful no matter what befalls you.
Also if you do, stop masturbation/pornography usage, you don’t know how much it is taking/ has taken your happiness away from you.
Don’t cut, don’t deface your body that way.
Love your body, it’s a vehicle with which you can do incredible things in this life time.
Hurting yourself is going to make you feel worse friend, I know it hurts like glass shards in your chest having a heart broken.
If you need to be on some anti anxiety or anti depressant medication for a while, that is infinitely better than physically defacing your beautiful body in that way.
I love your beard, your eyes radiate love.
:) You deserve love and happiness but only with the right person.
You deserve someone who can match the kind of love and affection you’re putting out.
Also, you have a kind handsome face.
Your jawline is really strong.
It suits your face well!
I do hope that you're doing okay and I hope that you smile today!
But as you work through it, consider if you can, how you frame it.
You’re cute and most likely have a good heart since the only excuse for dumping you is that you care too much, whatever that means.
If it's anxiety-based, try a couple deep breathes and noticing 5 things in your environment to keep you level headed and in the moment.
You deserve happiness because you are worthwhile.
its so real, its one of those things that you think "i wont be affected by this anytime soon" and wham it hits you in the face.
your friend lives on in your memory and your heart.
Make sure you take care of you and your future and happiness.
Your soul is mourning the loss of his soul.
Your entire body is physically reacting and it's going to hurt so fucking much, and thats because you loved him so much.
&lt;3 I'll pray for you and the soul of your friend.
Look at how dope that hair looks, you look like you’re about to steal my girl
You have such a warm smile and such lovely eyes.
I hope you can learn to see that beauty in yourself as well, and not just the physical, but also your own personality and nature.
Shave whatever that is growing on your neck and you wouldn't be a bad looking dude.
I'm totally jealous of your skin because it looks fantastic.
I also really like your hair.
It's so hard to find the right frames but you sure found them.
They really compliment your face.
Take their compliments to heart and when you're the center of conversation think for a second how that means they respect you and have a high interest in what you have to say.
Your eyes and lips are outstanding, congrats on your success and cuteness!
Allow yourself to be proud, you're fantastic, you deserve every bit of happiness that comes your way ❤️ also has anyone ever told you you look like Jaclyn Hill?
You have the dedication and perseverance to lose a ton of weight.
You look like the kind of dude who owns his style and mistakes and is always ready to help out a friend who feels down.
You have THE most beautiful eyes, all of your features fit so beautifully together.
You have the eyes of an animated Disney princess and the cute smirk of a cartoon character.
You are beautiful and worth your weight in hugs and kisses.
Also, your skin looks really healthy, you NEED to share your routine!
You have nice skin, excluding the talon holes.
If we were acquainted in person, I would probably ask at some point for permission to run my hand through your hair.
You look fabulous in a fuzzy kind of way.
Your eyes and lips are very pretty colors
Your haircut really matches your face and you style it well, which is already more than most guys can say for themselves.
Love your eyes and you have a genuine smile, so I feel like you would be a very sweet and nice guy!
I guess you could try out a different hairstyle but you don't have to, it's the only criticism I could possibly come up with lol.
Also your beard is v nice
I like your jacket.
Man, you’re already a good looking dude and your figure is looking great.
Your eyes rule too.
You got that feeling of familiarity and comfort in your face man!
You have the look of a kind stranger.
And you have a great smile!
You have a gorgeous smile and a sweet, kind face.
You have a beautiful soul and it shines through.
Your smile literally made me smile.
And when I saw your picture, I genuinely smiled because you looked so proud of yourself.
** Your smile and open arms express a wish to love and be loved.
You have such a beautiful smile!
I feel like you radiate happiness :)
You are rocking those overalls, and your smile is absolutely gorgeous.
You and I have literally the same body, and I think you're bodacious.
And I agree - you have a lovely smile!
But you are, you're literally radiating beauty with that smile, you look confident and carefree and that my dear is true beauty ❤️
Such lovely skin tone - you glow!
You have such a beautiful smile and you look so confident in that outfit!!
You have a contagious smile that lights up a room.
Your smile is beautiful :)
You have an amazing smile and you look like you'd dive th best hugs!
Your hair has just the right amount of curl, great features and coloring!
And your smile is totally infectious :)
Enough about our first date though, you look like you have an interesting personality and people should be lining up to get to know you.
You have an absolutely gorgeous smile!
You can grow a beard.
I look at your beard with envy.
Your entire eye make up look is what I aspire to.
You look so good and you have such a great smile!
Your smile just made me smile!
Also, yeah man, your makeup is serving looks
Your nose is fine.
There is 100% nothing at all wrong with your nose.
If you see something wrong with it you probably have some sort of body image disorder and need a therapist.
Yeah your nose is a little different than the average nose it suits you well, and isn't that big.
Like if I saw you in public randomly I wouldn't pay that much attention to your nose.
Cut the dead weight, aka your current friends, and let your good attributes (which you have) pull some cool people in your life.
It won't take the place of the tooth functionally like an implant would but it would give you the ability to smile and not hide as much.
Sorry, I’m reading this as you asking this community for money to fix a tooth, in a round-a-bout way.
The fact that you're so far away from your friends shows you're super brave and you should be that way when it comes to your teeth too!
Please turn off your eye lasers.
You have one of those faces that is only going to get better looking with time.
Thank him, make him dinner, play a video game you may hate but he loves, compliment him even if it's something like "your butt looks nice in that.
That spot above your head board is just asking for a picture!
you look stunning, congratulations on the weight loss :)
Your weight loss journey sounds incredible!
Congratulations on your achievements, beyond the weight loss and more so for your mental achievements to get there.
Your smile is stunning, your dimples are delightful, your lips are lovely, your teeth are totally terrific, your eyelashes and brows are especially beautiful, your skin is so sweet, your hair is hella hot, and your eyes are electric.
Keep your head up!
And I can tell you have a big heart.
You have such wonderful features; I know a lot of people think round face+button nose is the standard, but that looks really immature in my eyes.
Especially with your expressive eyes; the brown is such a lovely *warm* color.
To be honest, your face is the kind of face that ancient Greeks would carve into marble to depict a goddess.
I honestly don't know why you're insecure about your face at all.
It's okay to feel sad, it gives your eyes their character and depth.
You have a very open and calm face, and your skin is so lovely and fresh.
Your eyes are amazing!
And your brows are amazing!
You have really good skin!
You look so kind and unique and your eyes are so beautiful and bright!
Honestly i wish i could capture your appearance in a painting.
Your eyes are a mile deep, and you have a glow around you that makes me want to snuggle you on a rainy day and go for a run with you after sunset.
And I love your piercings!
I could look at your face everyday for a month and know in my heart that you are thoughtful, kind, and you glow with something that offers much more than beauty (although you have that and more).
Maybe it's the dad in me speaking ;) Your general presence and being certainly lights up my heart!
Keep your chin up and surely you'll stay on the right side of the grass!
If I was to be in your presence, I'd be spinning circles in my own head!
Your eyes are giving me "come away from this stream, child, and in to the woods, for I have magic to teach you" majesty.
Your skin is so, so lovely--you'd be the envy of all over at /!
But never doubt that your external appearance is anything less than a gleaming light in this world, even if you feel pretty crappy on the inside.
I've been browsing this sub for a while now and have never commented before, but something about your eyes really speaks to me.
You have beautiful eyes.
And damn you for having the most perfect eyebrows EVER.
I work as a waxer at a brow bar and let me tell you that your eyebrows are fucking amazing and you are absolutely gorgeous!
Your eyes are gorgeous, your brows are on fleek and your freckles are so pretty!
Your brows are goals!!
You are so pretty and you have the best freckles!!
i heckin' love your freckles!
you have gorgeous skin and you look like you're nice.
Your eyes looks like you have natural eyeliner.
May that check come in, your heart lighten and something wonderful run smack into you.
You have beautiful eyes and lashes, and I love how you've shaped your eyebrows.
Your skin looks soft and I love the full face of freckles, it communicates that you love to be outside enjoying life and fresh air with good company.
Amazing jawline, I love your sparkles and those eyebrows are amazing.
I love your eyes and eyelashes.
Your skin is amazing - clear and smooth.
You eyes look kind, and you have a great smile.
I've been in your shoes OP, keep communicating to make sure you're both on the same page.
Going to bed with love in your heart and waking up with love is a special thing and I wish you well in this.
You love her and she loves you, you'll inspire and help each other figure it out.
señorita You're so cute you could've been carved out of cedar You look like there are lions and tigers inside you Hot, halloween orange beside butcher's eyes blue Imagination rare, and beauty above And then above that?
Entire stars lived and died to make the atoms in our bodies and our pale blue dot of a planet is perfectly situated for us to live here, and if that doesn't help make you feel special, I'm not sure what will.
You have such a sweet smile, your lipstick is awesome (love that color on you!)
and I'm envious of your brows.
I know little about you, but you should feel accomplished just for that charming smile!
I don't know what it looked like before, but I think it really helps frame your face and brings out the natural color of your eyes.
Amazing skin and lips and your brows and makeup look amazing!
I dont even have any suggestions except maybe a shorter haircut to show more of your nice facial features!
I can only see half your face and can tell you’re not ugly.
You have s handsome face, beautiful skin, and the eye I can see is warm and lovely.
Go on with your cute, sweet self and smile, knowing you’ve got it going on.
I have no idea who would say such things to you, but it makes my heart ache that someone would be so careless with your feelings.
Your face is new and young and it shows an open heart and kind attitude.
Keep your heart open and you will be rewarded with long, loving relationships.
Personally I think a good haircut would show the bullies ( and the ladies ) what a stud you really are.
You don't have to take my advice, but I think a future you will be glad if you got a shorter haircut!
Just an opinion, but if you like your hair, stick with it!
Plus, you rock the beard.
All you need is a nice haircut and a little confidence, buddy.
But don't cover your face.
Let your other eye see..
It's middle/high school, if you're not a social butterfly yet it's whatever, that's part of why you go to public schools in the first place Also, your face is pretty damn good from the little I see, either comb/part your hair over or get a haircut to show the rest of your face, it'll be great
As a mom, I looked at your picture and I smiled.
Because you look sweet and kind and the kind of boy who I would welcome into my home and make pancakes for (or waffles if you prefer.)
Bro, you have awesome skin and a guitar with 6 reasons to write something that can speak to people who are in the same place you’re in right now.
Your eyebrow game is on point!
Omg please share your skin care regimen with us!
You are a beautiful soul and while this day may be dark, there are brighter days in your future.
Those eyes of yours are so pretty and your skin looks perfect.
You do have nice eyes hair etc, and that's a nice button up!
You have gorgeous eyes, skin, and hair!
You're very attractive, love your hair and style.
Your beard, your eyes, your expression 🔥
You have some excellent taste and you’ve got kind eyes!
You look relaxed in your own skin, and confident af.
Can also tell you like little jokes, something about your eyes suggest teasing kindly.
I dunno, you look like some kind of badass to me.
i want your beard...
You look like a bad ass.
Dude, you look like the kind of guy that could skin a deer, chop down 10 trees and wrestle a bear before the rest of us wake up.
Love the beard, and you look great in that suit.
you look like a total bad ass stud!
Your not bad looking at all, you have a very honest face.
You have very kissable looking lips and I bet you have a gorgeous smile :)
It suits your face well!
Your face looks great uncovered.
Your eyes are captivating.
Edit: I forgot to say you have an awesome nose.
I strayed into advice like a 100% jerk, so to close out your chin dimple makes you like a real-life superhero!
I have no idea how your beard was before, but you look great with it like this.
Hair cut looks fresh, eyebrows sharp (idk if you groom those).
I love a full beard but your healthy amount of stubble looks great too!
You will get a lot of comments from people who have known you before the “beard raze,” but from someone who has never seen you with your beard: you are quite attractive as you are—well groomed and handsome.
I for one am glad I found this post, because your smile warms the heart.
We can see focus on your lovely eyes 😊.
I'm sorry you got hurt but if your cute little nose turned out like that maybe we should chronicle the injury and develop it into a plastic surgery technique.
Nice high check bones too they make you seem very kind!
You can't change the face that you have.
Just be kind to people and people will associate your face with kindness and will continue to be drawn to you.
when i first saw this pic without the description you added i couldnt understand what could possibly be wrong about your face in your opinion so no, your profile is not as awful as you think it is, infact, there is simply nothing wrong with it at all!
wow your smile is so beautiful, lots of people would kill to have one like yours
You certainly don't have a weak chin or a big nose!
Within a few days you will come to appreciate your face as you did before you had a beard.
Your nose seems to have come through wonderfully.
If Cindy Crawford can have a mole and call it a beauty mark you can have a little mark on your adorable nose.
That just means you have an excuse to build a bigger and even better beard than before!
Plus the ability to brag amount the **numerous** epic beards you’ve had in your life!!!
The great news is your barber might have dun goofed, but your hair looks so sharp!
Keep rocking the great hair vibes, whether it’s on your scalp or your face.
** Your smile can brighten the world.
Keep your heart going and keep your smile glowing, you deserve so much more than you have.
You totally have that kind of “blue steel” look down pat!
You look like such a kind, and gentle soul.
Dude your nose is fucking adorable
Dude, your eyes are frickin beautiful.
I love your hair how long have you had it like that?
Just put a smile on your face, let it match the beauty I know is in your heart.
:) I love your hair too!
I love how you do your hair!
And rocking a Pink Floyd shirt shoes you have good taste!
I can only assume you caught the eye of another mans lady and that’s why you got your black eye!
I love your freckles!
I know moving can be stressful, but it's also an opportunity for a fresh start and excitement, and I'll have your back :)
Keep your chin up brother.
Stand I with you upon Her pier beaming, chortling, light dispersing, ear to ear, mighty high, and fit to bursting, since it's true, now sing it merrily - (I wholly believe that you know this too) Verily, I am another You - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Keep the goggles polished; ignore the propaganda, and have a blast.
I'm assuming some people were saying hurtful things about you wearing makeup?
You've got nice light blue eyes, you should open those peepers up so the world can see!
How small does their world have to be to criticize you for makeup of all things?
Your eyes are sparkling blue and your smile is genuine!
You’re doing your part to bring happiness into the world.
You have a great smile- it made me smile!
Whatever you do, face it in your feet and head on.
A plummy purple lip with minimal shimmer would really compliment your skin and a smokey eye would make your gorgeous blue eyes pop like crazy.
This makes me want to go back to school and meet fun people You look like genuinely nice people, and you all have great hair
I like all of your faces!
Your hair is gorgeous!
I think your red hair is absolutely wonderful!
You are a very pretty woman and those gorgeous eyes are amazingly striking!
I think the makeup looks wonderful, so don't let anyone make you think otherwise.
I have to agree with the other poster, your hair is definitely great looking!
Your eyes are so amazing!
Your hair is really nice and vibrant!
You look like my kind of firecracker.
Your hair is amazing!!
Your hair looks great.
I love your eyes though.
Also, you rock for sharing your hair for charity.
I’m totally envious that you have one of those faces that is beautiful with or without hair.
Good for you for giving convention the middle finger for a charity.
It takes so much bravery to shave your head, well done you!
You are totally rocking a shaved head!
I just love your eyes.
Also might sound weird but you have a beautifully shaped head
Lol You look absolutely fabulous with a shaved head!!!
Would rub your head, for science.
I wish I would look as awesome as you with a shaved head, such low maintenance and perfect for summer!
:) You have big, gorgeous eyes, and I think you look great!
You have a face and head shape that work well with having your hair shaved off, and I am jealous!
So punk of you and for a good cause :) You'll probably never have hair this short again, so work it baby..and you can work it into any hairdo you fancy!
Ugh, I'm *so jealous* of your beard and sideburn game!
Great smile, I’m sure you will find an awesome girl that appreciates you.
Also you have the most beautiful big eyes!
your smile makes me feel warm!!
Just keep your heart open and be comfortable being you.
That reddish eyeshadow color + the color of your eyes = 😍😍😍 You know what you're doing.
You are a good looking dude with a nice smile.
The good thing is in the looks department you are in great shape :D Seeing you were pretty devastated from this, I'd say you have a pretty big heart too, maybe a little too naive (don't worry so am I lol).
Ps you have the most entrancing eyes!
Your smile is also lovely.
You have lovely hair, eyes, brows, and collarbones.
It really frames your face nicely and you pull it off :)
I think you look great, but if you don't it's not permanent, and your smile will draw more attention than your hair.
Honestly, can you remember the haircut of the person that just walked past you?
You live with that hair so it's always on your mind (mild pun).
I really love your eyebrows and big eyes.
Don't worry about your hair - looks great to me (and everyone else!)
Your hair and make up look great!
Glad you are still here and smiling!
You have beautiful eyelashes and I love your freckles!
I love your glasses and those curls are amazing!
You have beautiful eyes!
Your eyes are amazing!
You have wonderfully colorful lips that perfectly balance out your teeth (even though I have always been fond of a larger than life smile)!
You have such beautiful eyes darling, never be down on yourself.
You have a very lovely smile 😊
Although I may not know you, I have been in your shoes and the biggest thing to remember is how much there is to live for.
I am so happy that you're with us and that you can smile and talk about what's going on with those around you.
As an aside, you have rocking style and your eyes have so much tenderness and warmth to them.
Remember that we all love you and care, to not see your smile again would be a great loss.
Choosing your mind and body first is always a win!
Good to see you smiling!
And I would add that figuring out what you want to do is less important than figuring out who you want to be.
No stress darling, you have great skin and an inquisitive mind.
I saw your picture and realized I was smiling as well.
I freaking love your hair, the color is marvelous!
Heck everthing about you is sunshiny and bright, keep on smiling and making this world brighter place!
I think the length of your hair in this picture looks great on you :) I wish I could pull of this short of a length!
I know it's hard, and stressful, but, keep your head up!
Your skin is perfect!!!!!
You have incredible eyes and the freckles are adorable.
i’m super into your haircut/facial hair combo!
You look like you have beautiful eyes!
you have great brows and i’d kill for your lips :)
Your entire face lights up when you smile, and you seem like you have a fun personality!
**Wear your make up** **and hold** **your head** **up high!!!!!
** Can you acknowledge that there are MANY who can't do makeup well at all.
Your eyes are so beautiful
I absolutely love your eyes
Your eyes look like a tropical ocean and I'm a sucker for freckles.
Your eyes are other-worldly, your hair and eyebrows are gorgeous, and your skin and freckles are purely angelic.
Please be kind to yourself, because you look like you have the sweetest soul and cheekiest cutest smile.
But you have a beautiful face.
The shape is nice and your skin looks so smooth and soft!
Your facial hair is killer.
I wish I had your eyes!
Your eyes are just gorgeous!
And I am completely jealous of your freckles.
your septum suits your face really well too as an added plus.
Own your resting bitch face!
Lol, but in all seriousness you’re very beautiful and your makeup is on fleek girl ❤️
There is nothing wrong with your nose, and i bet those eyes are able to open up with a lively brilliance!
I guarantee that once you smile your eyes won’t be so lifeless.
Also you’ve got good foundations and you don’t need to worry about your nose, it looks just fine.
Any other nose wouldn't match with your face.
I don't see anything wrong with your nose.
I can't see your teeth..but big teeth means an even bigger smile!
I actually had to work to draw my eyes to your nose because I like your make up so much!
Your nose suits your face from this angle.
I think you are beautiful, nothing wrong with your nose or your eyes.
You have BEAUTIFUL lips and great bone structure (which includes your nose!)
Also, where did you get your earrings?
Dude your nose is awesome wdym
Just FYI, you objectively have a wonderful face.
As a makeup enthusiast I can tell you a lot of folks would be very jealous of your features.
And for real, your lips.
With your face shape you can carry all kinds of big, crazy earrings (like you are here) and still have it not look OTT.
Your brows look like a nice shape and appear naturally full.
Yes your nose is larger than instaglam models but it suits your face tremendously and gives you a lot of character, frankly I think your septum piercing is very flattering and enhances this.
i love your smile.
You're a handsome person w a great sense of humor who has spent a long time trying to achieve your goals.
Remember that you deserve kindness and allow yourself to be happy.
I love your eyebrows!
And you have the nicest cheeks.
Your hair frames your face so nicely, and I can tell yoi have absolutely wonderful taste by the collage of posters on your wall.
You have a very inviting smile.
You have the nicest eyes I’ve ever seen no homo.
People respond so well to the kindness I can see in your eyes.
You have a very friendly vibe and vibrant eyes!
Your smile and eyes are so pretty
And you have great hair, I love when people are confident enough to grow it out.
Also, i can tell that you are a kind soul, and that is a beatiful thing.
You have phenomenal hair and even if you're overly stressed you still have clear skin!!
Humor is how I cope with my health struggles, too, and I know it can be hard to keep your chin up at times, but you seem to be doing a great job.
Great eyes and hair and your costumes from your other posts rule!
I bet you have a really good sense of humor.
Humor is always an attractive quality and it's good to see that you're able to joke about your anxiety.
Maybe this person didn't find your sense of humor amusing, but some other person will think you're the funniest person they've ever met.
I can't really say much about who you are as a person, but based on your eyes, I'd say you're a wonderful person.
You've got beautiful hair, eyes to die for, and I can only imagine how a smile would light up your face.
And keep your chin up.
Your smile is so precious and charming!
You have a good sense of humor and a great way of looking at things.
Unless they are all correctly worried that you are going to steal their new beaus' hearts, you handsome devil you.
I hope all of the best for you no matter what the outcome, keep that kindness in your smile.
You have the kind of natural beauty that many people envy -- your eyes are such a pretty shade, your hair looks so full and bouncy, and your freckles are lovely.
While life can be overwhelming at times, your warm heart and thoughtful mind will lead you far in life.
You're very pretty, and your face is beaming with your smile.
You have one of the kindest and prettiest faces I've ever seen.
I love your face!
You have a lovely smile!
You have kind eyes.
You have kind eyes.
Your face is super symmetrical.
If I saw you smile at me in real life, it would automatically make my day better.
But you gotta remember that whatever thinks it can kick your mental ass is wrong, because nothing can kick your mental ass unless you let it.
Don’t let some depression kick your mental ass when you can kick its ass instead.
Your hair colour is beautiful!
Even if times are tough I bet you're a strong dude who can learn and grow from life despite sometimes being put in shitty circumstances, good looks keep your chin up king remember that you deserve to be happy
You seem like a truly kind and gentle soul; someone who could be a friend to everybody.
You also have flawless skin, and gorgeous dark hair!
I dunno what's brighter your necklace or your smile but either way it's a fire look stay dope stay real keep your head up and make a new friend every day you can good looks
I look into your wonderful eyes and I see a hell of a lot of strength.
As for the photo, I seriously found myself smiling the second I pulled it up, your smile is contagious!
Your smile made me smile.
I’m sure you will have no trouble finding one though, you are a good looking dude, I like your hair, your eyes, your grin, just your face in general.
You've got sadness behind your eyes.
Your hair is perfectly styled, you have gorgeous lips, and you look simple but stunning.
You are definitely a head-turner.
You have very sweet eyes.
You look like you have a great sense of humor and know how to roll with the punches!
You radiate warmth, kindness and beauty.
As a hat wearer myself I always appreciate awesome headwear :) You also have rad hair and are overall cute :D Give off this sort of punk/indie look Don't beat yourself up too much :)
you have such a lovely aura and glow around you and your skin and smile are flawless!
you have such a cool nose, don’t let bullies get you down.
I think you’re cute and love your hair.
Do you color your hair a lot?
I love your hair, eyes and lips especially.
Your hair looks just like [Paramore's Hailey Williams] (
I dont notice your nose.
I notice how awesome your hair is!
I have a big nose too (African) and I need you to know that the tumblr girl is overrated.
I think my big shnozz makes me stand out and you have gorgeous eyes and face shape.
And your nose is def part of that softness!
Your eyes, hair, and freckles!
There is absolutely nothing wrong with your nose.
Your freckles, pretty eyes, cute hair, and cool nose all adds character to you and honestly I don't understand how someone couldn't see it or would make fun of you.
I love the color of your eyes, the lightness of your skin, the slyness of you smile.
I love your hair, your clothes, your laid back style.
Also, you look amazing, you have nice eyes.
It's more about your personality.
You have such kind and sweet eyes and face!
:) Also GOSH I love the intensity and hue of the orange of your hair in this pic!!!!
You're rocking that hair color and i think you have a nice body.
Love the color of your eyes.
Your freckles are super cute and I love your eyes.
So what if you don't have a tiny, turned-up runway model nose?
They only want one thing, and it's not to win your heart.
Just be yourself, and if you really want to have some fun with it and turn the "joke" about your nose around on the haters, adopt Digital Underground's song The Humpty Dance"as your theme song, because Humpty Hump isn't ashamed of his nose either!
Remember, anybody shooting off their mouth about your nose obviously has a bigger one, because they're sticking it all up in your business.
Keep your chin up frnd
You are a beautiful girl with a beautiful smile.
You have gorgeous eyes
One thing I tell people when they ask me how it's going..... Every Day Is A New Adventure.... As long as you maintain that attitude, and find the humor in everything that happens to you, then you will get through anything....
you are badass and you can do it!im crossing fingers for you.
It's all a matter of perception,if you really can't do anything but feel bummed just take it easy my man everyone has their hard/lonely/sad days, if you need to cry and get it out, just cry.. it's only temporary I leave in hopes that this comment gives you some soul food,good luck at that job i am sure you are going to do great have a good one and if you need a person to talk about anything you can always msg me!
First of all i hope you don't hate yourself because of your appearance because you look gorgeous let me tell you that.
Even if you are not able to beat it you have every reason to smile and live life, i believe in you and we're going to get through this, it's nothing.
Keep your head up and take it one day at a time.
it's OK body i've been there once , everyone been there once at least ...... but everything is temporary nothing is permanent it's just a bad time of your life and you will go through it and you will end-up having a job eventuality , as long as you're trying you will get it one day or another don't be so hard on yourself
Oh my god your hair looks amazing I can't stop looking at it!
Your face is extremely cute and your eyes are flawless!
Just gonna go in with everyone else - your hair is incredible, just incredible :D
Your lips are so full and perfect!
All so your skin looks so soft
Your hair is blue, there is nothing you can't do!
You look like the kind of person i'd be looking up to!
You have very pretty eyes.
But let me tell you one thing I know, there are millions upon billions of people out there who look at personality above all else.
There's so much beyond those eyes, you can stare into them and see another world
Love your curly hair :)
That's the kind of vibe I'm getting from you, you have a very friendly presence to you!
Don't let it beat yourself up mate, you healed from a broken-freaking-neck, that's impressive as hell.
You have a great jawline, and your hair looks nice and thick.
Your scarf is super stylish and your smile is killer, I wouldn't worry about a thing in the looks department :)
Your body is never going to be the exact way you want it.
You definitely have kind of the opposite effect of something people lifting weights joke about in the gym.
But you have it with losing weight and it's side effects, it seems.
I really like your hair, that’s the first thing I noticed about you in the picture.
You don't look weird with that hat, you look like you're dressed for a chill summer day.
And let me just say, I am jealous of your fantastic natural brows!
You have a very pretty face.
Its a little shocking to think that someone so physically beautiful can think so negatively about their appearance, even though I understand that your inner and outer self can have quite a big disconnect.
Would you feel less entitled to happiness?
Cant believe I worried otherwise.” What I wish for you is that you start enjoying your body now, not in hindsight.
Try to figure out why its so important, what it is that creates the insecurity, and whether you can be happy regardless of your physical looks (hint: yes).
Thank you universe for my awesome legs that walk me everywhere.”) So yes, you are gorgeous.
I read your comment about your weight loss story and I think that's something to be very proud of.
You mentioned that there are still some things with your body that make you feel insecure about it, but honestly, I didn't even notice those things until you pointed them out.
You are not only the skin.
You have the friendliest kindest face/vibe!
I hope you find the happiness you’re looking for ^^
Your hairstyle matches your face from the side.
And you have a great smile.
You look amazing and your hair is super cute!
Your hair is straight out of a shampoo commercial, and you have the warmest possible eyes!
Your eyes are kind and your smile, although slight, is sincere.
It’s not always easy and self-confidence is a tricky thing but when you’re feeling down about yourself try to remember that it’s temporary and try to remember all the things you like about yourself and the kind words given by others.
You have kind eyes and are very attractive!
You earned your stripes by working your ass off to get to where you are today, a lot of people can't say the same.
A ripped badass chick with some thicc thighs, and some serious muscles:) keep your head up, figure out your diet, and keep moving forward and kicking ass!
You will get there, great job on the weight loss journey friend.
As a makeup artist, I must say that you picked the absolute PERFECT red for your skin tone.
But you have nothing to be ashamed of, legit amazing body, oh my jesus I actually think you use to work with me last year until you switched schedules lol.
I wish I had your chin
But you are SUPER cute and look really kind and fun, and I wish we could be friends :) Keep your head up!!
:) Your doggy is amazing, and THAT's the kind of love you deserve.
Besides the obvious features, your eyebrows and hair are also perfection.
I know it's pulled back, but I can still tell you have the most amazing hair.
You have an amazing body.
You have wonderful eyes!
If your exes were embarassed by your weight, that says waaay more about them than it does about you.
I like girls who are able to relax and goof around and you look like you nailed that.
Your face is really synmetrical, you have good eyebrows and eyes.
I love your hair especially.
Oh wow I love your eyes!
eta: Seriously, I cannot get over your eyes!
You are going to break some hearts.
You are a good looking dude, wish I could pull off long hair like that
omg you can do jon snow with this hair and some stubble
You're crazy beautiful (that dress hugs you perfectly) and mean well; that's a great way to be.
Love your hair, eyes, and puppy!
Your eyes, hair, and lips are unfair good.
Hell, if you want to chat it up, then I am all ears.
Bless your heart and your inbox 😫
Can't see what color your eyes are, but your hair is fantastic!
Your hair is freaking awesome and your skin is gorgeous!!
First thing I see when I see your face is that you look very kind and are beautiful in a unique way that nobody else has.
There might be a million girls with what might be defined as conventional beauty that all look the same, but your beauty is one of a kind.
your hair is awesome, your hat is iconic, just a natural badass.
Your smile crushes sadness like an insect, as your style destroys the sadness of the world!
I like your nose, always liked the curved nose that you so rarely see.
Also sick hair, you ever seen if it luminesces under a black light?
Whatever lip color you're wearing suits you well.
Question about the bold choice of hair color: Do you feel the need to pick clothing that matches or at least doesn't clash with your hair?
You have lovely long hair and sexy feet...you are also a natural beauty and dont need alot of make.
The first word that popped in my mind was confident, we are our worst critiques but you really look great with that style and the hair goes with you too !
You have the most amazing beard and stache I have ever seen!
The combination of that printed shirt + the shade of blue of those glasses + the perfectly curled mustache + the salt and pepper of your beard + the irresistible boopability of your nose + the perfect little Superman baby lock of hair + that photo in the background + just *something* about your eyes is just unspeakably charming to me.
You look so alive and full of personality and I'm sure yours is just a joy to get to know.
Your skin says 25 year old yet you're going gray!
How can you not find friends with a face like that?
Oh my god, dude idk what it is but your eyes are gorgeous.
You’re very pretty, and I like your hair a lot.
I love your chokera and you have a beautiful face
I think you rock the short hair!
You have a really nice face shape, and the short hair make it a bit more noticeable
Just remember you are not your hair.
You are everything you faced and dealt with and the positivity you have.
Plus your face is lovely 😊
Oh, your hair will certainly return more beautiful than ever!
In the meanwhile, try all the different styles your temporary short hair can provide you!
Keep that smile on, live your life with your baby, and keep on going.
Your hair will grow fast- I remember having to get mine trimmed every three weeks to keep it at the right length.
It took less than two years to grow it out to halfway down my back, so the time will pass quicker than you think.
Your hair is the perfect length for cute ribbons and barrettes, AND it won’t get blown around in the wind or caught in scarves, bags, and car doors if you’re like me.
I mean you can try all sorts of crazy colours and styles with short hair.
You are gorgeous with or without the hair.
First off, you are beautiful no matter how long or short your hair is!
You have beautiful eyes 4.)
One of the things that stands out most to me about the earlier photo is how beautifully shiny your long hair was.
It looks like you also have pretty fine hair (me too!
Thank you for spreading the positivity and your lovely smile!
Extra thanks because I got a good grin out of your username in combination with your cubicle decor.
You have perfect blue eyes!
You don't need to beat yourself up over having short hair for a while.
If you can execute flawless makeup, you can do anything!
My guy, you have been blessed with the kind of face that universally projects "I'm a chill, kind person and I bet you're cool too!"
Your smile is gorgeous anyway.
And I love your hair.
Beautiful eyes and your hair is doing so great for your facial structure.
Your hair is majestic I wish I could grow mine out like that.
I love your hair and makeup and freckles!
Also I absolutely love your hair and your smile :)
I especially like your mouth.
The holy house of gains smiles upon you, for your dedication shows Rejoice and be happy Live, laugh, lift But in all seriousness goddamn 6 times a week for 5 weeks is amazing, and you look fantastic.
The glow in your skin makes that five weeks apparent.
You have absolutely pretty eyes !
You're very handsome and your skin is SO beautiful.
Would trade bodies with you any day man
Please don't fall for it, every day you work out your body, is a day you also work your mind.
You have beautiful hair!
Your self worth shouldnt be tied to your physical appearance.
That said, you are eeeasy on the eyes, friend.
I bet you have the loveliest smile, too.
Seriously you look great, and as a fellow freckle-face, I can say that you're living in the right time - I spent my childhood in the 80s getting made fun of for my freckles, and now they have fake ones you can put on, IG filters featuring freckles, etc.
Your brows look naturally great, and that lip color is perfect for your skin tone.
You have amazing eyebrows, beautiful skin, and lovely eyes, you look great!
Your face is so expressive.
Your smile is nice the way it is.
Your day, your happiness.
You have the gift of very expressive eyes.
Keep your head up and I hope the next time you share a picture you have a smile on your face and twinkling in those eyes :)
Oh your eyes are just so beautiful holy crap
I actually think your nose makes you look stoic and intelligent myself.
Your body is amazing and its only going to get better.
I cant see your face but i bet you have a gorgeous face aswell.
You’re really really cute, you have marvelous hair, you’re super duper attractive, I love your eyes, wow ❤️
Kind of face you can fall in love with.
Don't worry about your appearance too much, you look fine!
Your face is so naturally pretty and I’m honestly jealous of your eye color.
It’s kind of a weird compliment, but it looks like you take really good care of your hair!
Your freckles are super cute and your smile looks great either way.
&lt;3 Don’t worry about your teeth or your smile - happiness is always attractive.
Your hair is great, you have a dog that loves you, and the ‘today’ picture looks very cozy, sunny, and warm.
You even managed to smile even though you didn’t feel too great.
Your hair is really cool, but I think your smile is even better.
I wish I had your body.
You're such an angel that you literally have a halo over your head :)
I love your hair and I could get lost in your eyes.
Your eyes are lovely, but have you noticed you have great eyebrows?
and I wish I had your nose!
Your eyes were the first thing that caught my attention.
Keep your chin up and people will notice.
I would not consider you below average, you have a really cute pretty face.
In my opinion if you smiled in this picture, it would have made such a difference.
I'm not model pretty, I'm very average looking so I do feel insecure once in a while but others times I feel really great and I look in the mirror and say "Wow Dominique you're actually a pretty girl, you know that" But only sometimes 😂 Point is: You're pretty and smile more :)
You have beautiful eyes and a very nicely proportioned face, you're cute as hell; don't think anything else
Don't let anyone who ever tried to put you down in your head.
I can only imagine how great your personality is.
You know what it is.. the smile hiding behind your lips :) Otherwise you are near perfect
What's wrong with your nose?
Your nose is perfect.
You have nice lips
You have a kind and pretty smile (also love your shirt)
Your freckles and hair are incredibly charming, you have a good thing going there!
Your honey brown skin.
Dude I love your fuckin haircut, you look like you got everything in order and are in control.
Well even though it sounds like you didn't mean it, the floppy hair is really working for you!
Don't worry about your hair cut!
Your hair deserves a "thiccc" not a "thick."
(maybe don't go out and get a mohawk, I'm not sure about that, but you get my point) Idk if you do stuff to them or if it's natural but you've got some fab eyebrows too.
The only way your nose would make it into a nose job is if a surgeon used it as an example of what a nose should look like.
I don't particularly notice your nose.
It's a perfectly fine nose and compliments your jawline well.
You have a very warm, open face, and really great skin.
You look a bit shy, but like the kind of person who would be very sweet if I got to know you.
I like your nose.
and you are looking great in those shoes and that dress.
You look like a viking who had a bit too kind of a soul to go Marauding so you opened a tavern instead which is a pretty cool look I think.
I can't begin to tell you why , you're just in my eyes beautiful.
I love your dress!
You have an amazing nose, you look like a greek statue.
Your hair looks so effortlessly majestic too.
You’re in good shape, your style is great, your hair suits you perfectly, and those are some ridiculously photogenic pictures.
You pull off the brooding model look pretty well, but I bet you’d look just as good if you smiled in pictures.
Your eyes are a beautiful color and your nose/lips suit your face shape perfectly.
You also have a really good natural brow shape.
I don’t know what you look like now, but I imagine you’d pull off longer hair really well.
I would like to stop by and say you have really nice hands and that the effort you put into your appearance really pays off.
Don’t worry about your appearance, you look great!
You can do whatever you want to feel more comfortable, but if it was up to me, I’d leave your nose exactly the way it is.
Along with the curly hair, it really makes you look like a classical Greek or Roman statue.
Look at those beautiful curls on your head!
I love your hair!!
The way your hair is flipped to the side is on point!
Omg you have the most amazing hair style!
You have a strong aquiline nose that you should be proud of.
I think your nose makes you look strong and stoic, like a super hero or greek god!
You look good with that beard!
Your skin is nice
You're being way too hard on yourself if you don't think this is a nice nose.
Everyone here is complimenting both your hair and beard, and they deserve to be complimented.
Instead, I just want to say that you look like an awesome guy, and you have kind eyes.
I’m surprised no one’s mentioned your jawline yet.
Your hair is pretty cool though and I love the contrast it makes with your eyes and darker eyebrows.
Your legs are amazing.
Even if you were to get a nose job (which I totally find unnecessary, nose looks fine and fits your face), you will find something else you’re not happy with about yourself.
And a few more things: your eyes are lovely, and your glasses with them pair very nicely.
Damn your lips are incredible, tantalizing.
Also I love your hair!
Take some time to mature and develop and find out who you are - all that philosophical stuff you’re supposed to figure out in high school that no one really understands until they’re in their 80’s.
I didn’t really comment on your appearance because even at only 18, I feel way too old to be commenting on a 14 year old’s shirtless pictures.
Your legs go on forever girl!
You have nice hair, an awesome beard, and beautiful kind eyes to match it all.
You look like you have an amazing smile and laugh.
Your nose is adorable!
Your cheeks are fine?
Hell, you look really cute in general - I'd have to say that, from that photo, a nice part about you is your face :)
Your cheeks are just fine!
:D You also have pretty eyes and rock those glasses!
Your cheeks are perfect.
Your cheeks are fine :3 you look adorable
also, you look fab btw, legs for dayssss!
That’s where I expect to see your face.
Because your face looks intelligent and focussed - I could totally see you coming up with a planet saving solution... but you’re just that little bit too attractive for real life.
Bro have you seen your arms?
I was in the same shoes that you are in about 3 years ago and I know how hard it can be to make that decision to move along.
But seeing you have good physical body, and reasonable mindset to ask for support, I believe you know where your limits lied, and doing what best for you!
But in the next couple years you will have a built in friend and playmate and will really start to see your hard work paying off in the form of his little personality coming out.
Everyone gets that one haircut that they think makes them look ugly but it's generally not true and it's not true for your case either.
Keep your head up and keep on truck'in!
But the person he will see on it will be the man who has given him so much kindness through life, and you will seem impossibly young, and, for just a moment, he will understand the great strides you have made to get him to where he is, and he will love you with all of his heart - he will love your smile, the sunglasses, how relaxed and optimistic you look.
You're working your ass off and your son is going to appreciate all you've done for him when he's old enough.
You look like a happy, fit, courageous, and outgoing guy-- just don't forget that it's okay to need time to yourself, just to clear your head on occasion.
You have nice, kind, gentle eyes.
The kind you could swim in.
Your blue eyes are really striking.
You have a very welcoming face.
I have a little girl who's almost 3, and I love her with all my heart but she can definitely be a handful sometimes, so I know exactly what you mean about the exhaustion.
You are very pretty and have beautiful hair.
Your arms will get tired, that's okay.
You look stunning, and you glow when you smile.
Your hair is awesome!
When you get a haircut it often looks odd to you because you aren't used to it, give it time!
You have soul-piercing eyes!
True happiness starts with your thoughts and what you tell yourself every day.
keep that glorious chin up brother let me know if you ever need to chat about anything
You have an absolutely lovely, sincere smile.
Your face is gorgeous.
I love your hair more than anything.
It's great and really shows off your face.
You’re cute and you have nice arms!
Your smile is so sweet!
You have such a cute, sweet smile!
your smile is simply adorable, and you look lovely
You have really great hair.
I made a list: 1) You have lovely eyes.
I am imagining them crinkling up in the sweetest way when you smile.
2) I am 100% jealous of your hair.
Your eyes look so sad.
You are such a cutie and have a lovely smile!
It's your skin, you should love it along with all of its little details!&lt;3
Your hair looks very pretty.
You have nice full lips that somebody will for sure appreciate!
Your face is perfectly balanced.
It looks like you have a larger mouth, but that's one of my favorite things on girls!
(See Billie Piper) Your glasses and your hair give off this sort of shy, sweet, nerdy girl vibe and I'm totally digging it.
Keep that head up someone will snatch you up soon I'm sure:).
Seriously, great face shape &amp; facial hair, and you have really kind eyes if that’s not a weird thing to say.
I think glasses with more flattering frames would bump you up to an 11/10.
You seem very interesting and I love your eyes!
Honestly you are ahead of the game, just keep your head up, life is a lot better outside of highschool.
They give your face character.
You have shampoo tv ad hair, wow!
I wish my dreams were as beautiful as your eyes, wow!
Keep your head with that glorious hair if yours up high
Also, you have kind eyes and your hair is on point.
That beard is incredible and must've taken a long time to grow it out -- looks so healthy, but not only that, I think your eyes are a beautiful shade of grey, maybe dark blue?
Your hair is full and has a nice texture, and you’ve got great, proportionate facial features too!
You have sharp eyes and a great body shape!
And you have beautiful, thick hair.
Your eyes are really beautiful and eye-catching :D
They accentuate your nice eyes and match your smile very well.
You have an amazing set of beautiful eyes!
Omg your hair is STUNNING.
Love your hair doing the swoopy thing.
your hair color is my absolute favorite!!
And I love your hair!
Obviously I only know about you what is given here, the short amount of information about your situation, and I can see your face.
I absolutely love your hair.
Don't ever change it, please, or at least don't let it get any longer or obscure your beautiful face.
Your eyes are also crazy gorgeous.
I love your hair tho.
I just wish I could pull that glasses off with your perfect hair and facial hair.
For what it's worth, I love your look - I've always wanted to be able to pull off cat's eye glasses but they don't suit me at all!
Also your hair colour is amazing, your eyebrows are perfect, you have beautiful eyes and a gorgeous smile.
Your skin looks so lovely and clear, I'm in awe of your eyeliner skills, your eyes are beautiful and your hair length and colour just really suits you.
Those cheekbones are wonderful, your hair is beautiful, and your eyes are stunning!
Loving those glasses, paired with your eyes they give you a sly and mischievous look but also adorable and approachable.
If your partner isn't showing you off to the world, proud to walk hand in hand with you, jumping at the opportunity to say "this is my chosen partner, look how wonderful she is!!
I bet you have really good taste in music and you seem like the kind of lady all dogs love being around cause you give good scritches.
Gosh your smile just lights up your eyes.
You've got kind eyes and you earn friends with behavior.
I swear your smile could light up an entire city!
you and your amazing eyes would do very well.
You have beautiful eyes!
And I’m so glad you found the courage to smile, everyone is so much more magnetic with a smile.
You have an awesome smile!
You have beautiful eyes!
Keep your head up, pretty girl!
I think you look pretty darn nice, especially with that smile.
You should be proud of yourself for who you are and facing your fears.
Your eyes are crazy good.
Before I looked at the title and subreddit I was trying to figure out what celebrity you were.
You have absolutely stunning eyes.
And your smile...I hope you're not ashamed of it any more.
Your smile made me smile, and that's a rare power!
What can stop me; however, are your eyes Wawawewa!
Homie, you have great hair, eyes, smile and that shirt is dope!
Mix in those beautiful blue eyes and that awesome shirt, you look like someone that would be great to hang out with.
Your smile is genuinely infectious, your eyes are friendly and beautiful, and your hair is straight up magnificent.
And when I looked at your picture, I had a bit of that - yeah, something's up with your lips, but it's not awful.
Most notable to me is how clear your skin is - I have several expensive products and a lengthy daily routine *trying* (and failing) to get my skin to look like yours.
You have a great, welcoming smile!
You can really see the smile in your eyes.
Your eyes are absolutely lovely and I found myself caught up looking at them.
Your smile lights up your face and will light up a room.
I think you have beautiful eyes, great hair, and just an overall very kind &amp; welcoming appearance, you’re someone I’d totally approach and say hi too just bc I feel like you’re a nice soul and would be nice to know
You have a lovely smile!
You have a great smile.
Your smile made me smile.
Well you got a full head of hair (some would kill for that) and great eyes so don’t kick yourself too much.
Love your smile and your eyes.
You look great man, I hope you can laugh and smile all day long
Noticed a lot of people posting about your eyes and your smile.
Your smile radiates confidence.
Please, continue to smile, the world is a better place when you do :)
Your smile made me smile!
Your eyes and smile look so warm and inviting, too.
You have sick hair.
I’m sorry you feel like that, but you shouldn’t feel embarrassed to smile.
You have fabulous hair, beautiful eyes, and an even better smile!
Purdy eyes and your hair kinda reminds me of thors!
A smile looks great on everyone and is very contagious, you may make many people smile which is a great reason for you to do it more often!
Your smile is so genuine and beautiful it's intoxicating.
Your eyes convey a really genuine sense of kindness and sincerity that only comes from the heart.
You have the most beautiful eyes and such gorgeous hair!
You keep smiling ❤️
I know others have commented, but your eyes!
Your eyes are beautiful, and they’re smiling as well!
You’ve got a real welcoming, warm presence that comes across in your smile.
Nobody here can tell you not to worry, but what I see when I look at you is extremely kind eyes, a great smile and a person I’d want to be friends with.
Also you have gorgeous eyes!
are well-intentioned, but the truth is that the only reason you feel self-conscious or embarrassed is because you don't fit the traditional model of beauty, and trying to convince you based on all of your flattering features is only reinforcing the idea that you have to meet some kind of standard of attractiveness or else you're right to look down on yourself, and that's absolute bullshit.
Your body is a shell, designed by biology and genetics.
Who *you* are isn't what your biology determined for you at birth; it's your personality, your memories, your thoughts and feelings and actions and decisions.
You could be the smartest, bestest person in the entire world or you could be a puppy-kicking neonazi, and your body would still look the same.
What differentiates the lump of flesh that is *you* from anyone else isn't the particulars of your appearance; it's how you treat the people you care about, what you do for yourself and your loved ones, your tiny little inflections and habits and particulars of speaking, the things you believe are right in the world.
Not how you look, not what your body is, but the experiences and memories that others have of you, and how that inspires them to live their own lives.
I love the way your eyes match your top and the wall behind you!
Secondly, your eye make up is great and I wish I could do mine as well as you do yours!
Your smile is ten times better than anything I can muster.
Wow, you have such a great smile!
You have such a kind face, and you look like someone who's just a really great friend to have around.
I also really like your hair, it really suits you
Also, the colours and print of your top/dress really suit you, and your eyelashes look so long here.
I'm sure everyone will mention your eyes, and they're right; they are beautiful.
You look like the kind of girl I'd desperately want to say hi to, but would probably be too scared to say anything else because I'd think you'd be too pretty to be interested in me!
I appreciate your confidence in posting your smile!
Also, your glasses frame your face nicely and your hair is so loooong!😭❤️
Your smile is so sunny and lovely.
Your shirt, glasses and hair are really well matched, was the first thing I noticed.
You have a great smile because you can tell that you are genuinely smiling based on your eyes and face.
You seem like a nice and friendly person and you have nice eyes and nice face overall too.
I love your smile, it's so genuine!!
Plus you have beautiful eyes.
I hope you keep finding the confidence to smile when you feel like smiling!
You have such bright and engaging eyes!
A smile is so much more than a shape your mouth makes!
Your smile is amazing, and you should share it with the world!
Keep working on yourself, seek therapy if you have troubles, and show off that great head of hair!
Your smile is absolutely contagious though!
Smiling looks good on you dude.
Also envious of your hair and I like your shirt.
Be proud of your smile!
I went through every single one of your comment and all of them put a smile on my face.
So I hope this message would suffice the demonstration of how much you guys made me smile.
Im also very fair, and it’s hard to get over everyone telling you to tan but ivory skin is beautiful!
Side note, I love your hair.
I love your soothing eyes and smile, I hope you reach the point soon where you are better able to love yourself :)
Also tbh I don't think you can look bad, especially with your hair color and smile.
You've got amazing eyes and your history shows you know how to have fun with your appearance, you'll catch many eyes.
Cute smile, hypnotizing eyes and love your glasses!
You have an absolutely beautiful smile and that dimple is so cute ...
Your green eyes are amazing awell ... And you just look like a really kind person
please conceal those weapons that you call eyes ma'am
And your smile is truly mesmerizing.
The inner confidence you feel is very much radiating through your whole body.
Your posture is upright, back is straight, shoulders aren't slouched but rather are pulled back.
Your inner happiness is so radiant, your eyes are smiling.
And that bow in your hair feels like a perfect little expression of your inner playfulness.
First off, you are far from being lackluster in appearance.
There is such a sweetness in your eyes and your face that I am sure that plenty of people would just melt for you.
You have a natural beauty that outstrips anything that can be done up with makeup or by being fake.
You have such kind eyes and such a soothing smile...
Your appearance is a blessing to us all that get to look at you.
The only thing lackluster about your appearance is your lack of belief in how good you look so, you know, get on top of that and you're good :P
Your hair has such LUSTER!
That haircut is awesome, and you have really nice bone structure!
Also your hair is insanely luxurious and I’m jealous 😆
Also your eyes are so beautiful.
Not to mention youre already taking your life in your own hands again by realizing that sitting around doing nothing isnt going to help you rebuild.
You have soft brown eyes that are full of emotion.
Your hair perfectly falls on your face.
You've got amazing eyes and lips and I love the fun hair in your profile pic!
Oh my god your jawline is just... unfair.
I read what you wrote about your date and I'm sorry that they were still hung up on their ex, but if your personality is even half as good as your looks, she is really missing out.
Also, I love your nose.
You got a damn pretty face ma’am
You have some especially beautiful eyes, in particular.
You're super cute, and your eyeliner is really well done!
If you laughed at one of my dumb jokes I'd be grinning for an hour straight.
I like your nose.
Your freckles are really cute.
Your eyes and eyebrows are absolutely gorgeous!
A lot of us have a hard time judging each other and ourselves because of the ways society tells us to handle men's appearances, but I completely promise you that you turn ladies' heads more than you think.
That can make you feel like your feelings are wasted, but don't worry, they weren't - the heart is like a muscle, it gets better and stronger and bigger the more you use it.
Your hair is pretty and I love your winged eye make-up!
This isn't rateme, the most criticism you might receive will mostly be things to help you improve your appearance.
Hopefully you will come out a better person and keep on lighting up rooms with that amazing smile!
You have a clear complexion, nice teeth, look well-groomed, nothing wrong with the way you look!
No way you have amazing hair and your smile is so genuine.
You have an amazing and infectious smile!
You have such a lovely smile!
I love your hair and your half beard, you have a wonderfully distinctive face, and you are not remotely unattractive.
I love your smile, and your ears.
In fact, when I saw you smiling in that picture, I immediately smiled back.
you have a great smile and perfect hair.
I’m sure anyone who posted here is long gone, but I just wanted to say thank you for all the kind words.
Bizarre things like being led on during dates can instill self-doubt and other worries in your head - no matter what you look like.
You have an awesome look, love your hair!
Your are incredibly cute, from the glasses, through those wonderfully gorgeous eyes, all the way to that short hair style you are sporting.
And on a side note, those low cut shirts look very sexy on you especially with those freckles on your chest!
If you grew a lumberjack beard, I think your face structure would support it and your confidence would soar!
I think you rock the short hair.
I especially love your glasses, they really suit your face.
Hot and great smile (I like your arms and shoulders too, tbh)!
Just be yourself and it'll be fine, don't overthink trying to impress them - smile and go, you can do this!
You appear to be much younger than I am, but you have a very charming smile and look to be in very good shape.
You've got great hair, a nice smile and cheek bones, and have way less pimples than I had at your age.
You have a wonderful smile and totally rock those clothes.
I love your hair too.
Those clothes fit you very well and your hair frames your face very well.
Your eyes are amazing!
And your hair and your face and omg I can't handle it.
I don't know you but I bet you are so kind and sweet and the kind of person I would introduce to my grandma.
You have the most beautiful belly button, and I love your hairstyle!
You are absolutely stunning top to bottom, especially that gorgeous dark perfect almond shaped eye and that super cute little smile.
I suffer from body dysmorphia too, I’m so sorry you are dealing with it!
Second of all, your really pretty and i love the hair style you got along with the outfit and most importantly, it doesn’t matter what I think or what a bunch of strangers think, just know you are beautiful inside and out!
I just hope you know, at least consciously, that you really are stunningly beautiful and I would turn my head if I walked past you on the street.
All that aside, you are a very pretty girl with such beautiful eyes and such a friendly face.
Your smile alone would be enough to make people want to be around you.
I can tell from the look an your face that you have some awesome intensity to you.
Just like working any muscle, it will be hard at first but the more you do it, the easier it will get.
I imagine if you walked into a room it would be near impossible not to turn my head!
Love your determination, hair and eyes!
You look like a mixture of Spiderman (Tom Holland) and Superman (Henry Cavil), in other words I think you ended up with a awesome "good guy" heroic face.
Not everyone can make a beard work for them but you are one of the lucky ones.
You have the ability to walk up to any person anywhere in the world, flash them a smile, and they are yours.
You have expressive eyes, and a pretty smile.
You shouldn’t be insecure about your appearance.
I love your sense of humor and determination.
Plus you have a cute face, great skin, nice thick hair, and beautiful eyes.
Do things that bring you both happiness and contentment.
Not just your external beauty, but your compassion and warm heart (I read some of your past comments).
You do look angelic, I love your hair and your eyes and your whole face.
Your hair is the perfect shade of blonde, and you also remind me of a couple of gorgeous actresses, chloe sevigny and a young laura Harris!
First off, awesome job on losing all the weight and good luck on you quest to lose even more!
I think you look amazing and that dress really flatters you!
I love your hair!
Congrats on your weight loss, that awesome :) Just ignore ignorance—people like that are just screaming for attention!
I think you have a beautiful body.
You are made to wear that dress.
You have the most amazing blue eyes!
Your skin looks really soft and your eyes are amazing!
Congrats on the weight loss, you look great!
, you have sexy thick legs and your girls stand at attention!
What a real women looks like, I bet you can crack walnuts with your thighs.
You are beautiful and congrats on your weight loss!
Your skin is AMAZING, and you have honestly some of the most beautiful big blue eyes I've ever seen.
I doubt anyone will even think twice about your weight because you, my friend, are a stunner!
You've got amazing eyes and are plenty beautiful as you are.
That dress is amazing on you, showing and celebrating those curves (before you reduce them a bit).
Keep up with the hard work - losing weight sucks but its so worth it and you are looking fantastic!!
Plus your hair is amazing!
As a guy who dates a plus-sized gal (shorter though) i think you look amazing in that dress.
Perfectly highlights your curves for sure, and you’re an hourglass figure so it only makes that dress 10x sexier!
You have killer curves and amaaaaazing legs.
you look great in that dress.
There are still people out there that appreciate your kindness.
Dude you got a body that is fit, hair that is amazing and seem like an all around chill dude.
But you have a lot of good things going for you, just keep your head up and let it pass.
Your face is gorgeous, and I'm a straight man.
You sir have a killer beard and tache
So, take a little time to feel sorry for yourself (because I think that is important...seriously), then pull your boots up and go kick life's ass.
Very kind not to put your stress on her shoulders.
You have what I would consider the ideal body because you look totally amazing.
Your beard and shirt combo is rad
If girls are rude to you even though you respected their - bodies - person in general - boundaries - choices (also the one to reject you) they're probably anyways not the right person for you and you could see that as a good way of sorting out the toxic ones.
Find more qualities of your personality (I am sure you have them) and improve them.
You have incredible skin and beautiful petite lips!
I think your hair looks very cute on you.
Once I stopped staring at the massive beard I looked at your eyes and thought, hey he looks a little like 'Jax' (Charlie Hunnam) from Sons of Anarchy :) Props for the wicked face rug though!
You fuckin rock your septum piercing, you have the cutest hair cut ever, your wings could slice a bitch and you are just generally adorable???
You don't have to give in to the stereotypical "ideal" female body image.
If you want to lose weight to be more healthy, then sure, do so.
But if it's about your image and feeling comfortable with your body, then I'd say you're fine!
I like your nose.
As for your face, you look like a Todd McFarlane drawing... in a good way.
cut your hair, grow a beard/moustache and hit the gym every single fking day
You have lovely colored eyes and I like your tattoo placement.
Okay, well for a physical compliment, you look like you have an awesome head shape.
Also, your eyes are lovely and you have wonderful face proportions!
You say you're a young adult, and I hear about a lot of young adults just throwing up their hands and quitting their jobs willy-nilly.
Your blonde hair looks super cool, I like it a lot
Your hair color is fucking rad, and I love your scarf!
What does your wrist tattoo mean?
You should rock a goatee.
You will find that there are women who are good and kind and will see you for the gentle soul you are.
Mate your eyebrows are banging
BTW you have lovely colored eyes - Be Well.
Ooof not gonna lie I’m a sucker for your body type Looking amazing!!
Damn at least your hair cut is on POINT 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
And I'm really digging your hair!
you have beautiful eyes!
I couldn’t even notice because I was stuck on how spectacular your eyes are!
Your haircut really suits your facial features
I really like your eyebrows and eye region in general
You have very nice lips and I feel like you would have a beautiful smile!
There are all kinds of people out there, you will find someone who works just right for you.
You are attractive looking (especially great hair) and look great without your shirt off.
You remind me of what I love about being in nature...and that makes me smile :-) Thanks for making me smile!
Keep smiling, cause you look great!
Your hair is amazing, and from what I can see of the art on your wall, I love your decorating choices!
I can see the kindness in you by just looking at this picture &lt;3
Judging by the way that your dad is looking in this photo, his expression and body language definitely convey love and pride.
Oh man, your hair is lovely!
Your face is a little round, but so is your nose, and the arch of your brow, and the shape of your eyes - the pattern of curves is artistically pleasing.
The world is better with you in it, please don't ever stop fighting that voice in your head telling you to hurt yourself.
Your hair is so cute and you really pull off your nose ring
i freaking love your hair!
and you grew a really nice beard love it bro
You're so beautiful I could look into your eyes for days
Your skin is glowing in this photo and you give off a natural vibe that not a lot of people have.
you look absolutely beautiful &amp; i don’t know why anyone would want to break up with you tbh if it was me i’d give you a lot of love anyways you seem like a pretty chill, fun kind of person to be around dw there’s always light in the darkness
You have a simply marvelous natural appearance &amp; need nothing to take away from it.
I love the tint of green in your hair, the green Buddha and also the green tapestry behind you.
You have a great smile, your beard is on point, and you've got a nice summer tan coming along.
Your skin is so dewy and your piercing looks great on you.
I also love your hair haha.
That's so impressive it sounds unhealthy, but it looks like you put on some muscle too.
You have a beautiful smile, I hope that you keep showing it!
Love the hair and glasses and your smile is gorgeous!
you’re beautiful and your smile’s radiant.
You look great, you have a good sense of style, and your smile lights up the room.
You look really cute in that outfit, and that hair style looks great on you!
May I know what kind of diet did you took?
You look like someone who would make a GREAT friend to get lunch and nails done with, and your smile is so great.
Don't allow this breakup get you down--there are plenty of fish in the sea (and this is coming from a nearly 20-year-old virgin who has NEVER been in a relationship before)!
I wish you the best, and I hope you find happiness again soon.
You seem lovely and have a heartwarming smile!
Give yourself a pat on the back and high five your cat for me.
Those glasses are perfect and I love your hair, all very cute!
You got beautiful white teeth, looks like you are a dentist by profession.
I like the hair style and your glasses look great.
You certainly dress better than a lot of guys I have seen on my dates!
You look like such a nice person too, such a welcoming smile.
Your hair is wonderful!
With the added bonus of answering any hair questions you may have.
You look great in that outfit and I love your hair!
You kicked ass and you should feel proud!
Your smile is evidence that you are happy too.
And you haircut looks very good on you.
Thank you for making me smile!
You'll be pulling in dainty women who want to sit on your shoulder by the dozens!
I'm sorry your going through this, but I'm always happy to listen if you ever need an ear.
Keep your chin up &lt;3
I wouldn’t be shy at all if I were you, you are beautiful and you carry yourself with such a lovely smile and a wonderful physique!
I can tell just by looking at this picture that you have a great smile.
Keep your head up, dude!
You also look well put together (how did your hair and beard look that kempt?
keep your beautiful chin up &lt;3
I like your curly hair and you have a very nice coat.
I love your hair!!!!
I love ya girl, it made my whole day when I saw your gorgeous face come across Reddit :))
You wear your nose ring incredibly well and you don't look like what you're currently going through.
Keep your head up!
I'm going to be honest here - I absolutely adore your smile.
13/h is pretty amazing, i wish you nothing but happiness
You have lovely eyes and a nice facial structure :) ...also the bucket picture made me laugh, so it seems you’ve got more than looks going for you as well.
You got a solid jaw and a pretty slick hair style.
Look at the mirror every morning, and give yourself a wink and some finger guns (you can make that clicky sound too, if you're really feeling crazy) And more importantly, you're your own worst critic.
you seem like you have a big heart behind that wonderful smile.
You have a warm smile and sparkling eyes.
There’s just something about your nose and jaw😍
Trust, you made someone smile.
Set small goals to start with, like smiling at someone you walk past or just saying hi.
your hair is on point
you are absolutely beautiful and you look like you deserve to be on a cover of vogue glad to see you back on your feet!
I wish nothing but happiness for you and your boyfriend!
Please know that you are absolutely beautiful just as you are, and I hope that no one (partner, employer, modeling agency, etc) ever makes you feel that you "would be so much prettier if you changed..." The color of your hair is beautiful, and natural hair color has amazing highlights all by itself, so if anyone says you should go blonde please tell them to shove it!
You rock, you're looking amazing, and lyme disease can suck a fat dick about it.
Your wee face and that wee cute hair cut :) Plus your eyes are massive in the nicest way :)
I'm loving your hair!!
Your eye colour is insane!
You have absolutely stunning eyes.
Your eyes are much brighter though.
You have beautiful eyes!
You're nailing the tortured artist look, dude, and your eyes are amazing.
Hope you have a kick ass birthday and everything works out!
This thread made me smile, your replies give me the impression that you’re a really nice person.
I know it probably won't mean much and I'm pretty sure you've heard it before, but your eyes.
Keep you head up and your spirits higher amigo!
You seem like the kind of person you could have a real long discussion on philosophy or spirituality.
Some of us may have better hair than others, but you got one hell of a smile.
And Your smile is awesome and has the potential to light anyone’s day up
But I wish I had your head shape with no hair.
I honestly can’t imagine you with hair, or it making you look better.
He’s so far out of my league but thank you for blessing my eyes with your gorgeous self today.” Also love your septum piercing, it’s cute and playful.
Gives you a bit of naughty without taking away from your overall gorgeous face.
😊 I love your smile.
I like your hair man.
Goes with your hair nice and makes me jealous because my facial hair sucks lol.
You are the good shepherd lord, and know all your flock by name; please hold this lamb of yours and hug her to your breast.
In the time being, improve yourself (find/work on your hobby, do some sport/workout, eat healty, learn some stuff, meet some new people) and grit your teeth.
You have a great smile!
Just seeing her smile in this picture, you can tell she is well taken care of.
ngl and no homo but you kinna attractive to me get your ass out there and slay them ladys
One way to tell your feline friend to speak cat is to very slowly blink your eyes at them.
Keep your head held high, friend, and don't let this keep you down.
You’re a wonderful human being— your weight and appearance (even if you think it’s bad right now) doesn’t even begin to touch the surface of who you are.
The love you’ve shown your pets, each small moment of contentment in your family, even the lighthearted happiness that internet strangers get from seeing your fuzzy little friends— even that matters.
I won’t comment about your appearance— I can’t see you, after all; however, what I do see, even just from snippets, is a beautiful soul.
Also your hair colour is just fab
Love your hair too.
You sound very self aware and confident despite the criticisms you face!
Oh my goodness your hair is so pretty!!!!
Also hell yeah for no more damaging your hair!
thank you for the kind words, op =)
I like your body 😍
Plus your eyebrows and hair lookin 👌
Honestly you have a very attractive face.
And don't worry about your body too much, it's fine as it is honestly.
You look great, and hopefully the comments will help you become more comfortable with your own skin.
I am so happy for you that you are accepting your body and moving forward.
Your eyes are so beautiful.
The fact that you look great in a bikini is only half as important that you have the strength and the courage to fight and overcome the issues that you had with your body.
Look at your smile, your pose!
Your leg... if those are what I think they are, I hope you aren’t doing that anymore.
I hope you walk on in there with confidence and a big smile knowing you're gonna get fit and have a great time doing it :D wishing you a lovely lovely week in the lead up!
And you’re rocking the hell outta your pit hair too!
You have a very cute smile too :)
I think you look super sexy, even your armpit hair is kind of hot.
your skin: glowing your confidence: inspiring your hair: beautiful.
If it boosts your ego any, you're distractingly cute without makeup.
I do hope you can find comfort without makeup, because you are one attractive looking girl and the complexion of your lips are perfect without lipstick.
Those glasses look awesome and your hair is beautiful!
The thing that stands out most for me I think is your nose.
Second this isn't really the same but I love that color you have in your hair!
It looks great on you and I think it does a good job of highlighting the natural color of your cheeks.
I love your freckles.
I absolutely love your freckles.
I love how the strawberry/pinkish color of your hair makes the rosiness of your cheeks stand out.
Just the little bit of facial hair I can see you rockin there is better then anything I can grow!
But your nose is cute, freckles are the best, and your eyes are insightful.
You have amazing skin
Cute freckles ✔️ Great lips ✔️ Cute nose ✔️ Beautifully deep eyes ✔️ Put all that together and I bet you look amazing when you smile!
Your face is adorable and symmetrical and your freckles are great as others have said :) I also have this crazy thing about a persons nose and as weird as it sounds yours is very good looking/ unique lol 🙂
Woa woa woa you cover up those freckles!
With or without the freckles your gorgeous those eyes are freaking sweet get out there and break some hearts.
plus i like your hair color.
Your skin looks really fresh, your freckles are super cute, you’ve got an eyebrow arch that’s to die for, and all around pretty balanced features.
I’m sure you look amazing with makeup too (cause let’s face it, makeup is so fun) but you never have to be self-conscious about not wearing it
You have adorable freckles, a beautiful lip shape, and lovely deep dark eyes!
Humor can be a great coping mechanism, but there will plenty of people to insult you in life.
Many people will tell you that you look great and perfect without makeup, and they’re right.
But don’t feel like your betraying yourself if you feel like having fun on a night out with makeup on.
You should embrace your lovely face and feel good both gussied up and dressed down!
You're beautiful, and your skin complexion is great.😊
I like your body and I would want to feel your belly texture on my finger tips
Your body carried life, you are more than just your outer shell.
For the record, you have a GREAT figure!
I don't think you need to worry about it with a great figure like that.
You are the loudest voice in your head, try to be kind.
Any body who looks at you should have 100% respect for the fact that you literally grew a human inside of you.
You’re totally bad ass and your body has already bounced back in a big way - you look fit and strong.
Man your blonde hair is really gorgeous!
If you're feeling self conscious a high waisted swim bottom might ease your worries but honestly you're a mom, your body just did an amazing thing...own it girllll.
Your belly is beautiful, your body is beautiful, you're beautiful.
You welcomed a life into this world, your body radiates beauty.
Your eyes are like the ocean, beautiful
Your body is gorgeous.
You literally CREATED A HUMAN WITH YOUR BODY.
You have a beautiful figure and so f’n what if it’s summer.
Your hair is almost as blonde as Obama's!
Before I read what you wrote I took one look at your pic and your smile made me smile.
Someone already mentioned your eyes are like the ocean, but your entire being comes across as friendly and kind.
Your hair is amazing!
You look like a super Saiyan with that blonde hair
 You have seriously amazing eyes.
Plus, I'm a little jealous that you can grow facial hair, since I can't.
Dude, how did you get your hair to be so blonde?
You have a great physique, you should be really proud of your body and the care you're taking of yourself.
I'm sure if you walked down the beach without a shirt plenty of girls would turn their heads for a second glance
I love your blond hair
How is your hair that blond??
Dude, you look awesome... and I really like the skull tattoo.
Next time someone puts you down, tell them "the internet likes me" and give them finger guns and walk off like a boss.
I would def fall asleep on your chest.
At least you could charm statues to life with those big brown eyes.
It’s like you have lightning on your body!!!!
I was visiting my sister in Ottawa and I guy walked past and said "Love your hair" to me and just kept walking.
You have a kind face and a magnetic smile and warm eyes.
Your hair looks pretty and also your necklace is really nice.
I'm sorry things have been rough on you but look at you managing to smile already, you got this!
The colours in your shirt really make the green in your eyes pop.
Your face is similar, and your hair is almost exactly the same
You have a friendly smile.
For those who don't know, a pulmonary embolism is when material, typically a blood clot from the legs, travels and gets stuck in the artery in your lungs.
Wow, you really kicked ass this past year.
I can imagine that there were a lot of moments where it was really hard to think a single positive thought, or to figure out why the hell you were dealt all that pain and fear.
It’s easier said than done, but try to let his shitty attitude slide off your back.
It has zero reflection on you and your beautiful soul.
The good news is you're beautiful and your eyes have a free spirit look to them.
The good news is you're beautiful and your eyes have a free spirit look to them.
Keep your head up dude!
your eyes are so beautiful!!
i've been in your shoes before.
If you have any acne, it's barely noticeable.
You got broad shoulders, you've got a nice strong chin without it being too much, you've got very nicely shaped lips.
You've got those slightly upturned eyebrows that could probably puppy-dog anyone into not being mad at you on a whim.
Your hair is thick, has a nice texture.
When you see you, you nit-pick the details because you're use to seeing your own face in the mirror.
Make sure youre setting aside time to do what brings you happiness, even if it's just for a few minutes at a time.
You aren’t even looking at the camera and I can tell you have beautiful eyes!
I love your blue hair.
I...want to pet your face!
You have really nice skin!
That they love your smile.
With that fancy barette, cute face and white dress you look like a Disney princess.
Your smile is super cute
Get your head right.
Your eyes, cheeks, and smile make such an adorable face.
I've learned, however, that happiness makes people the most attractive no matter how they look, so right now I wish you can find (or decide) what your source of happiness is, and that a worthwhile woman will show up next time.
Never seen something along the lines of what you have done...you're one of a kind!
But as a gay man I can tell you that your eyes, hair and beard are a killer combo.
You definitely don’t have a poo *face,* if it’s any consolation!
You look like the kind of dude I'd want to go have a beer with.
I can see all sorts of personality coming through your eyes, and your body matches your personality as well.
As for you, your beard and hair game are totally on point.
You look like the type of guy I would get caught staring at on the subway... and I feel like you have a sexy voice just from your face??
You look like good company and have an awesome beard.
And you have very kind eyes.
Your hair is luscious and I wish I could pull of that gorgeous lip shade.
I like your fashion style, the hair and suspenders are a great pop of colour.
The piercing is badass and your glasses are killer.
Your smile just got me right there.
I love your hair and your smile!
Damn, your hair is absolutely lovely.
Oh man, I had my hair at your length but never dared to cut all the way.
That being said, you look awesome with long hair (I'm biased) but short hair works so well on you!
What’s the worst that could happen (besides a bad hair cut lol) but you can always get it fixed!
Keep you long hair.
So you can have long hair whenever you want and if someone asks, Is that a wig or your hair, then you can answer yes!
Personally I think you look amazing with short hair, and as mentioned before, it will grow back :)
Your daughter has a great sense for human looking faces.
Your eyes are so pretty!
And I love the ink on your shoulder too!
the black hair looks stunning with your green eyes and red lips.
You look like an incredibly sweet young lady and although things are toxic now, you’ll find your own happiness eventually.
You look like a great conversationalist with a huge heart.
Dang, your hair is dope!
Aw bless your heart!
Anxiety is common and hard to deal with but I have a feeling you are hiding a very nice smile.
And also, your eyes are incredibly captivating!
Mindfulness and radical acceptance is life changing :) congratulations on your life journey, you totally deserve to enjoy whatever moments of happiness come your way!
You are not smiling but still look strong.
You seem like a kind, generous soul, the world needs more people like you!
None of that will make a difference unless you are willing to work on yourself and try to find happiness on your own.
you’re a kind and caring person, and i’m sorry that you haven’t found happiness yet.
and don’t feel like you always have to put your own happiness aside for other people.
Your hair is GLOWING
You are a very attractive girl with really kind eyes and sweet smile.
There is a lot of personality that emanates from you even without having to say a single word.
You are very beautiful and you have really really great natural eyebrows
You look like you have a very friendly personality, and you've got a really nice smile!
Also, your hair is goals.
I'll be your friend..............(sounds kind of creepy coming from a 61 year old Marine, right?)
I hope you find your happiness - I'm sure you will!
You have a really funny sense of humor!
Your hair also looks really thick and soft.
You look like a nice attractive person judging by your pic so I’m sure that eventually you’ll start fitting in, just smile and have fun, that’s what attracts people more than anything.
You are owning that green hair.
You have perfectly rosy cheeks and a cute nose!
Your hair looks fantastic!
Your zucchini pasta hair is beautiful.
I love your hair, it's amazing.
Your half smile is the perfect touch.
Plus I loveeeeee the color of your hair.
You are quite handsome, and you look like you have a spark in your eyes that I’m sure people take notice of.
You look sweet, and you’re totally rocking the red hair!
Just wanted to say you have a really gentle and ‘homey’ looking face.
Your future dates are going to love your gorgeous eyes and adorable cat!
You look like such a gentle soul, and seem to have a twinkling wit in those eyes.
You have a kind face and a pretty kitty to keep you company!
Take some time cuddle that kitty and take your time with a face like that and a kitty like that youll be back on your feet before you know it, i believe in you.
I think your arms are looking pretty nice which means you must work out??
Your smile is contagious!
You look really sweet and i like your face with just a picture I can tell youre really genuine type person and thats all you're gunna need keep being yourself its gunna happen.
You have a nice face and cheekbones to die for.
You have such a lovely face and seem like a real sweetheart.
You are adorable and I covet your lips!
Like the contrast of your hair and skin.
You a very sweet face!
You are smart and beautiful and are going to kick ass!
You look ready to rock it :) I used to have those same shoes and loved them!
Do you literally have pearls for teeth??
Your smile is awesome!
Like the kinda girl you can't help but smile around for some unknown reason
You have an amazing smile and your eyes are gorgeous!
You have such a cute nose and pretty eyes.
Try just laying in bed or sitting in a comfy chair and just breathing normally in and out your nose while counting your breaths.
that smile made me day, thank you :)
Your smile is so infectious and sweet, it literally brighten up my day.
You have very pretty eyes, nice eyebrows, and great hair.
It's a little tough to see your face as a whole from this picture (which is fine bc posting selfies on Reddit is uhhhh risky lol).
But if you're uncomfortable with your face and would like to gain confidence, I recommend getting a pro photographer to do some headshots (or even boudoir photos--def hire a woman tho).
A good photographer can get the right angles and help you see your face for how beautiful it is
Your hair spikes go really well with the facial hair and dude it’s just really cool.
Dude you're adorable, I love what your hair is doing in that photo.
You have a gentle smile.
I love your smile, it makes me smile 😊
your eyes are A++
You have a very cool Wolverine look between to you with your hair and beard.
You have nice arms.
And are your eyes a slight green hue?
Look at your gorgeous smile!
I'll brush your hair if she won't!!
Love your look, you pull off the hair and beard very well.
you don’t need that kind of bullshit.
You'll definitely find someone who sees your worth and knows that the work is a small price to pay for happiness with you.
I'm digging on both your hat and the pin in your hat, its like a one two punch of excellent head-based fashion!
You are pretty, not fat at all, and there's nothing wrong with your hair!
Have you noticed how Rihanna and Beyonce got hotter after gaining weight?
You have a beautiful smile, a gorgeous body, and amazing taste in dresses.
Hope you smile out in the real world because it’s so contagious.
You can see you are beautiful inside too through your eyes.
You have such a nice smile and look really pretty.
I just wanna let you know you’re rocking such a full and manly beard!
I really wish I could grow one ahaha but yours is amazing ;) You have great skin and such a clear complexion too, honestly I think if you picked up a little more confidence you can really get the ball rolling in terms of whatever it is you’d like out of life :) Reaching out here is a great first step!
That special lady/person is out there and is waiting for you to put your best, most confident foot forward, so believe in yourself, you cutie patootie.
I'm so far removed from decent advise but i want you to know i'm cheering for your happiness..
You're a pretty handsome guy with an awesome beard and sexy glasses... Can I suggest working on your self-esteem?
Some kind of activity that makes you feel good about yourself.
You have nice facial structure and great eyebrows!
(Maybe not my place to say but--I think cutting your hair shorter on the sides, and maybe trimming your beard a little more, could make a big difference for you)
Keep your chin up though!
Love your beard !
You have a very honest and nice face and I'll bet that's the kind of guy you are.
You have a very open and handsome face.
You're a good looking guy and you have a friendly face.
You look like such a lovely kind person.
Bring the same confidence to girls as you do wearing that badass beard and you'll have girls asking you out homie.
Keep your head up king.
You're here because you have a good heart.
You are beautiful and have gorgeous eyes.
Your skin looks smooth
You got a movie star smile
Several people have already said this but I am going to join them and say that you are gorgeous and that I adore your hair *so much*.
You have the most gentle eyes.
You’ve got the bone structure of a Greek god You look like Orlando bloom
Just from this photo and the color you chose for your hair, I can tell you have a really fun personality.
Your nose is a perfect size for your face, dude.
Those are "Hi, I'll make you feel safe and loved for the rest of your life" kind of eyes.
Well right off the bat, you've got good taste in TV ;) I also absolutely love your hair.
It is ridiculously thick and luxurious, and I think you've found a style that really compliments your face structure.
You're rockin' that sexy scruff and you just have a really handsome face in general.
Your hair is just amazing.
Also, you have amazing and kind eyes
You are a beautiful lady with gorgeous eyes!
Your nose piercing plus that cute freckle by it is so cute!
I really like your lips though, and you have my encouragement.
You're handsome, you have a cute style (love your socks) and pretty hands.
I really hope things go well :3 and you have really pretty eyes.
The freckles on your nose are super cute.
You have such a glowing complexion too!!
You have a killer style and you look like a really relaxed kind of person.
Whoa, I'm obsessed with your jawline.
You know, where it's a clip of them laughing and smiling into the camera in a dream-like slow motion in a field of flowers.
And the half of your face you show is cute!
WOW your skin is incredible.
Your dimples make your smile infectious, and the arch of your eyelids gives off a welcomingly intimate warmth.
You clearly have a natural knack for photography, and the way you dressed yourself, with such rich textures, creates a wonderful emotionally (feel-y) aspect to the whole piece.
You made my day better, by sharing your smile!
You have surgeons hands, my dude, and awesome hair.
If youre wanting something to boost your self esteem, ive found a new hair style always does wonders for me.
I dont know why, but it feels great to run your hands through "just cut" hair, and it makes me feel great.
They will make your face feel super smooth and you'll glow all day while feelinf great.
You have really beautiful lips, btw.
You look like such a kind person remember you are worthy of love and I hope you find happiness.
Can you move forward without having to check over your shoulder?
Your hair looks awesome!
I'm very proud of the strength you showed by facing your ex-husband and not just cutting him out
Walk in with your head high and being sexy as hell!
Your beard is a thing of beauty
You have a really nice smile, my man.
Also your eyes are amazing 😍
Man you got hair on your head.
you have a nice smile, nice shaped, friendly face.
Also, for a long time I felt like I looked like shit and the entire time people actually enjoyed my company, so while it doesn’t negate how you feel, keep your chin that people around May actually genuinely dig you; let alone some stranger from the internet.
Your eyes and hair are awesome!
Because I look at your face and I want to hug you.
You have beautiful lips, great hair, and fantastic facial proportions.
I love your eyes!!
Your eyes made me smile!
To re-emphasize what others already said, you have gorgeous eyes and look very approachable.
Thank you so much for your kind words!
Your eyes are beautiful
Your hair is slick as fuck.
Keep them at just enough distance that you know they are still there in arms reach to talk to if you need them!
I’d never tell by your smile!
I hope someone makes you smile today!
Start by looking for one thing that you like about yourself - your eyebrows, your cheeks, your toes, how compassionate you are with others - and focus on one or two of those wonderful things about yourself.
You really matter, you just haven’t figured out how and to whom.
Oh, if only you could see your beauty through others’ eyes...
You have fantastic eyes and a wonderful taste in lipstick color!
People like you don’t deserve to hurt or be ill, so while I can’t do anything more substantial I hope this comment makes you smile just a liiittle bit more.
And I like your hairstyle, it looks like you're doing a good job with grooming and personal hygiene.
+ I think your style realy fits your Face, pretty awesome package.
And the color of your eyes is great.
Your chin is goals
Not beauty but purity in essence wil rise your heart and ease your soul.
When I saw your picture, it reminded me of someone, but I couldn't quite put my finger on it for a bit, then I got it.
Yet like how you rise every morning and face the world and life.
You have a gorgeous smile though, and you have this aura around you that just tells me that you are a kind person with a warm heart.
I know it’s tough but we have your back.
judging from your smile and your positive look, this will be the first date of many.
You look like a kind and hopeful person, like an ‘old soul’.
So, you got this sweet house you live in, but for reasons you ended up with a roommate who is just a complete asshole.
Crazy, asshole roommates that have taken up residence in your brain.
There's nothing wrong with your face.
You're quite pretty and I'm sure your smile brings light and happiness to those around you.
Anyways point is just be you and you will find happiness I promise.
* ***And most importantly, if I'm actually being an asshole, and need to quit being a little bitch -- the best compliment you could give me is to tell me just that.
You are adorable and you look like you have such a kind heart.
We are awesome people and you look like you’d be the life of the party, always smiling!
Your skin is gorgeous, it looks so soft and dewy.
You're sun spots on your nose are the cutest thing ever
Your smile is honestly so heartwarming!
Your hair looks like a cozy umbrella I’d get caught under in the rain.
Your lips are amazing!
I'm jealous of your hair.
You got a killer smile, fun hair, and a bold taste in fashion!
You have a very sweet smile!
I love your shirt and your personality!
Your face and your beard really compliment each other, you remind me of a sexier TotalBiscuit.
From what I can see, you look generally healthy (not obese, clear skin, etc) and from that I'm sure you can push through this hard time you're going through!
What happened to your eye and your leg?
If you get an eye patch and a peg leg you'd rock a pirate costume for Halloween with that beard =)
Your body is yours and you are doing great!
Your eyes (omg), lips, hair and freckles... such a beautiful creature.
Nailed it my friend, you keep doing you bro.
You have a nice complexion.
Your makeup looks great!
Man, you look like someone took a bunch of tough-guy faces and a bunch of smart-guy faces and merged them into one.
You have a great smile!
Someone else beat me to it but yeah, you have a great smile that could light up a room.
Your smile is simply gorgeous.
I love how your hair flips at the ends, so lovely.
I'm too distracted about your sunshine personality to even care about how you look.
You have absolutely lovely features without makeup, kind eyes and a beautiful smile.
So, maybe try to remember that next time you see someone whose appearance you are impressed by: take away the layers of makeup and hairstyling and its an even playing field for most of us.
If I met you at a party, I'd gravitate towards you because you look intelligent at the same time you're also rockin' that skull shirt.
You have such a nice smile and friendly face.
Like you're super cute, I love the skull shirt, and as soon as I saw your pic I immediately smiled.
You have pretty teeth and I love your top!
I love your smile and how your face lights up and gives you such a wholesome vibe!
Is that your natural hair?
Also, you just look so relaxed, and happy, and your haircut is working for you.
I'm sure you look beautiful with short hair, and you can definitely pull off a hat!
You deserve to smile and be happy :)
I'm jealous of your hair.
My beard game is strong, but your hair looks 1000 times better.
And smile even when you don't want to.
I want to see you smile!
Wish I had the same lips as you !
I'd totally go out on a date with you, your smile is killer and I like your hairstyle.
I suffer from BDD and am perpetually dissatisfied//disgusted with my appearance and I know the strain it can put on your mind.
As an impartial observer here I will tell you ya hair is on point, you got sweet ink, BANGIN eyebrows, nice bone structure, and a beautifully groomed beard.
You have that kind of smile that will make others smile just from seeing it.
You hold the possibility to easily add extra smiles to other people's day.
Always remember you are so so worthy of happiness and love
You have a beautiful smile.
You have the cutest face I’ve ever seen.
You look like a walking ball of kindness and happiness.
That amazing smile should take you places.
By the way, you have a gorgeous smile.
You have very lovely skin and beautiful eyes!!!
Keep your head up!
You really do have a beautiful face and it’s her loss!
Hello to your pretty eyes and freckles!
You have a pretty nice hairstyle, I dig it.
Being a woman is so much more than your hair, breasts, waist, and other physical features.
You are going to kick cancers ass!!!
Oh you have a great smile!
Your smile is lovely!
It lights up your whole face.
Why are you smiling if you are not feeling good?
It’s fine, do not smile, be angry, feel pain, let yourself feel those negative emotions they are just as important as the positive ones to bring balance into your life.
You got this giiirrrrlllll (yes I would say girl no matter your gender..
Wow, your smile is the best, makes me happier :) screw that mirror it's got nothing.
You have a wonderful smile!
Your smile will blossom even brighter afterwards.
Seconding what someones else has said: if you don't feel like smiling mate, it's all good.
Just let it out :) On a happier note: Your smile, eyes, cheeks and hair are all amazing!!
You're alive, you can take a deep beautiful breath and be nourished by the air, you have shelter, access to fancy technology, a bed that supports your back as you sleep... you're doing pretty good.
You've got a great smile and you look like you're a fun person to hang out with.
you have a very welcoming, friendly smile!
I like your hair.
I love your hair so much
Dude your “trying-hard” smile is a ray of sunshine, when you’re genuinely feeling great you must light up the room.
God damn dude, I know you probably won't notice my comment over all the others, but man, you look awesome, you got some amazing hair, and even though you say it's a forced smile, your eyes really light up and you make me wanna smile along with you, great set of dentals as well homie ;)
No matter what anyone tells you, don't let them talk your head down, you have the exact same worth as me, anyone in these comments, and further anyone in the world.
In reality, looks have nothing to do with self worth, of course when you want to date having good looks helps but you'll never see a happy woman with an asshole.
Holy shit can I have your hair?
Tip - Go into the bathroom, stand and raise your fists towards the sky as if you just won a race or something.
Dress up nice, wash your face, wear some cologne, and remind yourself that you’re awesome and it’ll go great!
And you have a super cool hand tattoo!
You never know how easily a smile or a quick compliment to a coworker can brighter both your days!
Your beard is at that balance where it's thick and full, but not poofy and unkempt, something I've been trying to perfect.
girl your hair looks damn good, and you're cute.
Be well... you deserve happiness.
Your smile is so sweet, it's making me grin like a kid no matter how much I try not to lol.
But that look in your eyes is so calm and pleasant, and your eyebrows frame them so gently..
Your hair looks fantastic.
Oh, that haircut is absolutely perfect for your facial structure.
It really accentuates your features and sprinkles a lot of personality in there.
&amp;#x200B; Your face has a particular quality that screams kindness and affability to me.
Stay strong man, you are who she will look up to, you deserve love, shelter and happiness.
I love your eyes!
And your skin is so clear!
Keep your chin up.
Your eyes are absolutely stunning!!
Plus, you may actually love short hair once it starts growing back.
Believe in yourself because we can all see the quality of your soul from one Reddit post, things will get better x
You know reddit is all about anonymity, but you've inspired me enough to take the risk and let you know that I'm 24 this year and you're the kind of man that I aspired to one day become.
Even if it doesn't make a dent in your personal appearance, you accomplished something.
Is a woman what you are in your heart?
Whatever gender you identify with, insecurity is human nature.
Gender aside, focus on your humanity.
I would give you this advice if you were a man or woman and that's don't tie your happiness to someone else.
Once you can find your own happiness then the rest will happen.
I suspect you made the transformation because you weren't comfortable in your own skin.
face stickers and sprinkles sound like fun, don't let them take your childhood away from you.
Fuck em, if you feel cute then there's nothing anyone can say to make that change in your head.
Kids are absolutely merciless, especially your age group; if you are at all "different" you are *wrong* in their eyes.
I'm 19 and I am unafraid to wear my hair in pigtails and a full face of makeup for no good reason other than it makes me feel good, when I can assure you if I did that in school I would have been tormented.
My heart aches reading your post.
If they do, stand tall and turn your back to them.
I wish I had lips like yours tbh, you look doll-like in a really cute way 😊
i love your hair cut and you eyes are super pretty
Girl, if I had your nose and lips I’d be PUMPED!!!
Your hair is perfect, you have beautiful eyes, and an adorable face.
I literally can’t name one negative quality in your appearance.
TL/DR: wear your fabulous outfit, be happy with it and it will have a double use, it will make you happy and will let you know who the assholes and who the nice people are real quick.
What a strong person, and you sound like a beautiful soul too.
You seem like a sensitive person who's good at heart.
You should pick your head up and realize that you're doing something in this world that makes a real difference!
I wish you lots of love and happiness!
Summon that feeling of pride, that feeling of achievement, close your eyes, take a deep breath, and take a very brief look at your old self.. you'll find that she's extremely impressed and pleased with the *new you*.
You are following your heart and doing your best to express your truest self in your life and that is brilliant, and to be celebrated.
😊 In the end, that is all that matters You cannot disappoint your therapist and i am sure you are already making her very proud by following your heart, the result is not what's important.
I love your hair!
You show your love by busting your ass.
(Also it's very hard to build muscle when you don't sleep.)
Your makeup and hair are amazing 😍😍😍!
You can really see your beautiful eyes.
Keep your chin up, OP you're not worthless, and keep on track because 105 is seriously a huge feat!
I am a certified asshole but my heart really hurts from your words.
I know a lot of people in your shoes who gladly called it quits a few years in when they felt they weren't cruising through the process.
In the future, when you're married, with children, have a good job, a good home, and have achieved a semblance of true contentment (I am assuming you haven't yet), you will find that everything that had led you to that point in your life was absolutely necessary for your ultimate goal of happiness.
I love your hair, it's clearly well kept!
Your eyebrows and mascara look great!
First of all you look good and more importantly lots of people love someone for the kind of person they are and things they do/ the way they treat others.
Honestly whoever told you that seems like a dick and probably isn’t someone you should be concerned with.
Cause whoever it was you shouldn’t believe a word that comes out of their mouth
But I LOVE the way they smell and how soft they make my skin” or something.. also, if they ask your favourite product don’t just say something typical like a certain bath bomb.
Go into the interview with your best foot forward, and fake it until you make it.
There's nothing wrong with your face.
Whoever told you that is a dick.
Don't let someone else's personality ugliness damage your life.
You are a good looking for man with red hair that I can never have.
Seriously, I know like 3 girls that would sit on your face because they like it so much.
I know you would rather hear this from a cute girl your age than a 46 year old woman but... you have a really nice-looking face.
Your beard is awesome!
Hold your head up high and be proud to be yourself.
I hope that any challenge you might face currently will go by.
Your jawline alone should be carved in marble.
Your glasses complement your face.
It may just be the lighting but you have those sweet bedroom eyes that look like you’ve just woken up and you smile because the love of your life is wrapped in you arms.
once you are comfortable in your own skin by bettering yourself and those around you, that same vibe will attract more to you than just a face ever could (and in your case, yours is already attractive in my opinion).
Man I’m so jealous of your face figure and you got such nice hair!
You seem like a nice guy, with a good head on your shoulders, those are wonderful qualities to have.
I love your hair and your eyes, and your jaw line is beautiful
Your eyes look so sweet.
Your smile is wonderfully infectious, and you've done a great job with the photo editing!
Wow you got a really nice smile!
I'm sending you all the best wishes for happiness (which you absolutely deserve, friend) and for a better mental space!
You have an absolute friendly face!
I hope you get your smile back soon;)
you have the healthiest looking hair!
Sorry about the breakup, keep your head up, take it one second and one breath at a time, have patience with yourself and remember to BELIEVE.
Where are you headed?
They’re just jealous of your perfectly shaped head.
keep your chin up, things will get better
they have hired you for who you are, not what you dress like.
Thanks OP, my goofy ass just my day better with your advice
Man, I wish I had your hair.
Your eyes look spectacular!
Your skin is immaculate.
Your hair is gorgeous.
There's something about your eyes that are charming and kind - and the eyes don't lie :) I have faith that you can turn your life around - the fact that you're trying speaks volumes.
I hope other people see the love in your eyes and give you some of their love in return.
Hope you dont cut too much... your hair is muy bueno.
Kudos to you for resisting the urge to smush and squeeze his cute little face.
Your eyebrows are fantastic, your eye makeup is perfect, and even though you took this picture in a car at night the blue in your eyes shines through and looks amazingly bright.
You have a defined jawline, good cheekbones, and a nice nose.
BDD is a real bitch, but just remember that its your brain that has BDD, not your body.
Girl I absolutely love your hair, its gorgeous.
i love your hair!
I love your hair!
So yeah, I've been trying not to let the stress get in my head and just enjoy the process, you know.
Goddamm, where did you get that jacket!?
My girlfriend said you look like you have a big dick.
You have such beautiful eyes!
That shimmering eye shadow looks fabulous on you and really makes your beautiful stormy blue eyes shine.
Your makeup skills are killer, don’t let anyone dull your shine!
Your makeup is damn SLAY!
You have really pretty eyes, they're very deep and kind.
Your smile is cute, very shy and genuine.
You look like someone who would be a great friend :) And I like your hair
You look like you belong to the LOTR Elvish race, your eyes are amazing.
You are simply adorable and that hair style fits you perfectly!
You have a strong jawline, which is something that is typically celebrated as attractive in the US.
turn that frown upside down man, you have wonderfull things in life &lt;3 You have a wonderfull life in front of you and you have so many things to experience &lt;3 I think your eyes are awesome!
Hope your marriage can be a source of great happiness for you.
Your jaw is good and you have great hair!
This isn't a humble-brag, I'm just trying to show you what is possible with your kind of drive.
Keep your chin up.
You have great skin color
People can judge all they want but you shouldn't listen to then, because it isn't the color of our skin that makes us who we are but our actions and character!
you probably get this all the time but Your eyes and eyebrows are sooo nice!
I love your nose piercing too!
in-between work, keeping up with our health, school(if you attend), and having a social life- wellll it can be overwhelming DX but keep your head up !
You are handsome, and your beard game is strong.
Stay strong and thanks for sharing your face with the world!
I think your eyes are such a nice color in the light!
Trust me the ones judging you for your skin type aren't diamonds themselves and just ignorant assholes
What’s your skin care routine?
Dude, I'm so jealous of your beard!
Dude your skin is beautiful.
My judgement is that you are a lovely looking chap and your facial hair is amazing.
Be the source of your own happiness.
People can be assholes, but you are stunning!
Honestly, your eyebrows are incredibly gorgeous!
I think they’re a perfect balance with your lips and they fill out the upper part of your head so proportionally.
Edit: You also have such soft-looking hair!
I'm afraid I can't even see your skin colour because I am distracted by that incredible beard moustache combo you have!
All of the hair on your head is awesome!
I’d let you style my hair
I'm sorry to hear that you aren't content with the way your face looks but I, for one, think you're stunning, intensely beautiful and wonderfully cute.
You're super cute and your face shape is adorable!!
I hope you find a reason to smile, as I'm sure you look even cuter when you're smiling.
I don't know where you are from but where I am you would be turning heads.
You are beautiful, have amazing eyes, and are worth more than you'll ever understand.
You are also in a great place, being able to admit you need support, knowing what kind of support you want and need, knowing what changes you want to make and the challenges you are facing.
And when ever you need support or a kind word/compassionate ear, the world is full of good people who will help, because we are all human and all in this together.
If you haven’t already take some time and figure out what your ‘Love Language’ is.
You made an incredibly difficult decision to move towards your own happiness.
Even though it may be a heavy weight on your shoulders at the moment, it's events like this that really make you appreciate the good ones once they come along!
But on your face.).
I think striking, unique facial features are absolutely the most attractive thing a person has, so in my opinion, your nose is the best part of your face and compliments your eye shape and cheekbone structure very well.
Doesn't matter what your weight is.
Keep your chin up.
Cute, you’re dressed nicely and you look tall (which never hurts!)
Your skin is gorgeous, that lipstick looks amazing on you, and your eyes are stunning.
Seriously, your eyes are the first thing I noticed.
If you want to lose weight you should do it for yourself not for them and not to find somebody.
Honestly your nose and your hair are both delightful.
I’m a big fan of your hair color, and you seem like a person easy to have an exchange with.
The irony here is that you did drop weight, you just lost 100+ pounds of someone who isn't going to treat you as well as you should be treated!
Good on you for working towards your weight loss goals.
Just let the words _flow_ and try not to pick your statements apart :) College is way harder than people let on, and when you're first figuring things out it's overwhelming, but you're not alone; in any of this.
My fingers are crossed that you see positive change this year!
Keep your chin up.
Oh my gosh your curls are so pretty!
Wash with it morning and night and maybe even when you get home from school and you'll see an awesome difference in your skin.
You can wash your face with plain water then apply coconut oil with some drops of lavender essential oil before going out so that you don't smell like vinegar (it's faint after it dries, but still an occasional scent here and there) Those three things will give you skin that you're friends will be jealous of :-) they're all cheap and can be found at any natural foods type store.
For you to smile and feel happy and uplifted.
For what it's worth, your hair looks lovely and you have awesome eyebrows.
And your hair is incredible - I'm so jealous!!
And your hair is amazing.
You also look healthy, so try not to dwell on the weight.
You have the most gorgeous skin!
The acne will go away eventually, and you have all of us to celebrate with!
You have such a lovely face.
I will caution you against too much weight loss at your age.
And as a compliment, your curls are beautiful!
We all have low points but I can definitely say that you look amazing and can’t even tell about the weight.
Your weight is fine.
Don't work too much about your appearance anyways, that's not the most important thing in life.
I’m jealous of your beard!
Can definitely tell that you put a lot of work into your appearance and it totally pays off.
:) I hope you are able to eat your favorite meal or watch your favorite movie, anything to put a smile on your face.
And your curls are gorgeous btw!!
I am sorry I am rambling, I just want you to know you are not alone and when I blow out my candles tomorrow I will wish that you smile and have a great week!
Also you have the most beautifully shaped lips I’ve ever seen.
Keep your head up, this is just one of those days that you'll laugh about 10, probably even 5 or 3 years from now.
I'm willing to bet you have a good heart, and that is a MAGNET for people who deserve your time and energy in the years to come.
You have beautiful skin...it has gorgeous olive undertones and really complements the natural deep brown of your hair.
I love your smile as well; it's genuine and natural.
Holy shit your smile is beautiful
Sorry you feel self conscious about your physical appearance but you really shouldn't, you look amazing!
And you’re covering your body but I can assure you that looks great too!
You got beautiful eyes, especially color
You got very pretty nose and I love your eyes color, beautiful deep blue
I love your lips!
Those glasses are the perfect shape for your face!!
And your skin looks so flawless I’m jealous 😩
Frames your face perfectly.
I love your haircut, it really compliments your face shape.
On the bright side, your freckles are adorable!
Your eyelashes are to die for too.
Not to mention, your green eyes are very relaxing and striking.
I'm sorry that you're sad on your birthday, but you have literally the most amazing eyebrows.
Your eyes are so pretty.
Smile take a deep breathe and go enjoy your birthday.
Those glasses accent your face nicely and you look like you’re a good listener.
You rock them so hard, and the whole look is accented by your stunning hair.
You have a kind of untraditional beauty that is simply enchanting!
Seriously thou, you're beautiful &amp; it seems like you have a good sense of humor.
You have a wonderful smile, and I think that with a beautiful smile you can certainly accomplish much.
You have a genuinely beautiful smile and I love your hair!
Take that chance and go for happiness, you deserve it!
I love your freckles so much!
I like your eyes, your beard is well groomed &amp; gives a good jawline, you have a perfect nose, good skin, and I bet you rock a hot dad bod.
You’ll figure out who you are...what motivates you &amp; makes you happy; and once you get to that place, you’ll know yourself well enough to find the right person for you.
So next time you meet someone fine ONE thing (eg - not stick out tongue, or make more eye contact, give a free compliment) that makes THEM feel better about themselves.
hey, I maybe batman but you are robin my heart with that smile!
What I've learned from them is that you need to realize that you'll face rejection in life, and that's okay.
You have kind eyes and a sweet smile.
You got your hair game settled!
I'm jealous of your shoulders.
Your smile is to die for and your hair looks amazing.
That amazing background you're in front of is outdone by your smile and hair!
You have such a cute face and look like someone I could just lose hours laughing with.
Beautiful smile and I love your hair :)
Your hair is very nice and you seem like a fun person to be around
I love your red hair!
And your facial hair looks great.
You've done everything you can up to this point :) Think of it this way, you're going to have multiple offers from schools and your next challenge will be to figure out which one suits you best!
At worst they will just refuse to hang out and if they get offensive it's not really your fault they were just assholes in the first place
Your smile just cheered me up.
you are still going to the gym and building muscles + reducing fat just don't give up I did that mistake and now regret it so bad, stay strong!
You have kind eyes.
They will help increase body mass as you continue to exercise.
Keep an eye out for the little things that show someone is caring about your wellbeing, and I think you will realize that people are thinking about you more than you think.
The process through which your body adapts to exercise is a gradual one, with most of it occurring in ways we can't always observe.
Beyond that, calculate your TDEE (total daily energy expenditure) for calories - there are calculators for this online - and be sure you're in a caloric surplus if you're trying to build muscle.
Sleep is where the magic happens and your body finally undergoes the changes you want with the fuel you give it.
Basically, this was just a long-winded way of me saying that it's possible to figure out if there's a problem with your routine through the process of elimination.
If the weights are going up, but you can't see any visible progress with your body, odds are that the changes are happening but the process is so gradual that it's hard to gauge it objectively.
I am thankful that we live in a world where you both have eachother and are able to give eachother happiness.
And remember, it's impossible that you ruin everything, because every day you give your cat a wonderful home and you shower him with love, and that shows that you have a beautiful heart.
I doubt your a disappointment I bet you a amazing person and fun u should always have a smile on your face and your cat is cute
You have an incredibly attractive smile, and captivating eyes.
Make it clear that it troubled you to hear about this information, but you are understanding and want to make sure that he finds solace and happiness in this life.
P.S: you have really pretty lips I’m jealous.
You’re eyes and lips are amazing and you have a lovely complexion!
Stay strong and stay positive (I know you are probably eye-rolling at that, but it does help!
You have amazing eyebrows and makeup.
You got such nice hair too I love it!
Your eyebrow game is on point, and you have amazing cheekbones.
There's nothing that's really going to make you feel better at the snap of your fingers.
Keep your head up and move on.
You're beautiful and I'm slightly jealous of the fact that your inner eye makeup looks great on you coz I can't pull that look off x)
In the same situation as you were, but definitely need to pull my weight more.
But I promise that at some point you will look back and shake your head that you gave them any energy.
I'm probably way off, but it seems like you want to fast as a way to control the empty feelings you have in your heart.
We all need help sometimes, and you will be able to use the lessons you learn from healing your heart to help others in pain.
I'm here just impressed that you actually lost so much weight at one point.
But let me assure you that your friends love you whether you’ve gained weight or not.
Way to fucking go on the weight loss, but not because you weigh less but because you had the determination to tackle that goal.
Please don’t let this idea cement itself into your head.
With that in mind, who do you think is the kind of person who would take it upon themselves to call someone else ugly or mock their appearance in any way?
Now answer me this: are the opinions or personal attacks leveled by that kind of person something you should really feel bad about?
the way you feel is subjective.........to my objective eyes you appear to be just great...
Your hair looks so soft
Let your smile help you stay positive and move forward in a constructive way
I think your hair looks good like that but if you feel confident with it up then don't let anyone stop you
You know when you are working up a smoky eye and halfway through it looks like a total mess?
I can sympathize with the difficulties you face...the transition from formal/focused care, to doing it all for yourself, combined with the quest for that ever-elusive (but attainable) med cocktail that is more beneficial than harmful.
I know that just hearing about looks don’t always make you happier or more validated but damn those lips are fantastic you are so very pretty!
You have really kind eyes, I get a rare sense of calm and ease looking at that photo of you.
I can TOTALLY see the difference in your face!!!!
There is a huge difference in your face.
Much like your pics, my face is much less puffy and that's a great thing!
Also, you have a GREAT smile!
Your smile is contagious.
It made me smile looking at your picture.
You look great and are killing the weight loss.
Also, it's clear you take good care of your hair.
Your hairline and roots look really healthy.
Love your hair, skin and smile.
I think your chin is lovely, don’t do anything to it.
But do tell me how you have such white teeth!
Your chin does not draw my attention and I hope you stay away from drastic cosmetic surgery unless you truly are miserable and see no other way to be happy and comfortable.
I say keep your chin, its just part of you :)
I can't see anything wrong with your chin.
Works well with your face and that friendly smile
You do't have the overbite/weak chin look about your face, which balances it much better.
Honestly, you have a gorgeous face and profile.
You have a strong chin and jawline and it is glorious.
You deserve to be happy with your chin.
Now, I think you have a very nice chin and you’re very pretty.
If you want to have surgery on your chin because you truly wish it were shaped differently, that would be a perfectly valid choice.
First thing I noticed wasn’t your chin but your lovely smile :) I understand the insecurity, but I promise your chin is not abnormal or obtrusive and it’s nothing to be self conscious about!
Your chin looks great!
I think your chin looks just fine, it’s nice and feminine.
And I can’t help but to add that your nose is absolutely perfect!
I think your chin is beautiful.
I think your whole face is beautiful.
You have a great chin, I'm sorry someone's made you feel insecure about it- I think it suits your face and isn't noticeably large at all, it's strong but not overly so.
Anyways you're lovely and so is your chin :)
You have one gorgeous jaw line, and from the side looks of it a beautiful smile!
You have a strong chin, not abnormal in the slightest.
Bite the next person who gives you hell for it and show off your amazing chin power
You have lovely bone structure!
Your chin reminds me of Evan Rachel wood’s and it’s a great feature!
Her response: “is there a way a chin is supposed to be?” Just because your features may be different, whether bigger or smaller, that doesn’t mean they’re worse!
Honestly, if I ever passed you on the street, I’d never in a million years think to myself, “Wow, I don’t like her chin.” Instead, the following thoughts might cross my mind: “Wow, her hair looks so healthy and pretty, I’m so jealous!” “She looks nice.
Your eyes are fierce and beautiful!
I inject fillers for a living and many patients get fillers (it’s like a liquid implant) in the chin exactly for this kind of projection...a weak chin can really effect a face negatively- so not only do you have a great chin but you’re saving money!
And your chin is feminine.
And I just looked at your other photo, from the front view (with no makeup?)
Your body seems very nice too.
I really really love your chin.
I have a very weak chin that kind of... blends into my neck and it’s something I hate, your chin is beautiful to me.
First thing ai noticed about you was your eyes.
I love your pink hair and you seem to have a bubbly personality.
i love your rose hair!
but remember to come back around and put your long-term happiness first again by finding another therapist if that’s what suits you.
Smile and know that no matter how low you are today, that it can and will get better.
Your eyes are pretty and kind, and you have a lovely smile.
Your lipstick matches your dope hair and your eyes are the best feature on your face.
The freckles on your nose are adorable and your skin is flawless you look like such a sweet person.
Your hair is AWESOME!
Your hair looks amazing!
You look super sweet, and I love the freckles
Your eyes are precious, and I love your taste in make up!
And you have the hair of a princess!
I love your hair and makeup.
Well, idk if this helps but your makeup is FIRE 😍😍 But on the reals, I’m sorry you’re feeling blue beautiful internet stranger.
Your eyes are beautiful!
Truly windows to your soul!
Your hair color and your eye color are both absolutely gorgeous.
Your makeup is excellently done.
Don't be discouraged because people that do that are assholes, that I'm sure you wouldn't want to waste your time with anyway.
love the glasses, I wear them too, and they are the perfect fit for your face.
You also have really nice hair, which you probably get a lot.
You're gorgeous and I love your hair!
You look like a fantasy book character, your hair colour is amazing and make your eyes look like gems.
That’s why we’re here to say that we have your back.
facial hair suits you bro.
Your fresh cut looks very dapper :) I like the look especially with the classic frames.
That hair is... Just amazing - really suits you :D
You have nice eyes
Your fingers are nice and pointy!
Combined with the slick hair, I really love your look!
You do not need that in your life, and although right now it all feels painful, you will eventually realize that what I am saying is true, and you will know true happiness when you finally find that person that does deserve to be around you.
Congratulations on making the right choice for your future happiness!
Keep your chin up for now and as Dori says, “just keep swimming.” Things will look up.
That broken heart will patch itself up before you know it.
I am so proud of you for putting yourself first &amp; choosing happiness, that is a MASSIVE step forward for a situation that may feel like the opposite.
The weather's kind of crap in Sydney at the moment (although it's not as wet as last week), so maybe spend your last afternoon before starting your job watching netflix or reading in a cafe to recharge a bit?
I really like your piercing.
Be passionate, do what makes you happy, and you'll attract the right people Dating sucks for sure, just started again after a 2 1/2 relationship and rejecting my girlfriend's marriage proposal If life were easy, it wouldn't be as fun Get out there and let people see your physical beauty and the makeup/content of your character You'll be better than OK :)
You’re really pretty and you have a killer smile.
First of all, you are diddely darn gorgeous so don’t you dare say you’re not pretty enough, second of all, Being pretty isn’t how you find love, third of all, Yes, dating sucks horribly, but it has its upsides.💖 Fourth of all: I totally understand how you feel, sometimes it just feels a little hopeless and gray, But I promise you that you are never a lost cause 💖 When you feel that way, my best advice to you is that you should take a break from searching for love and instead just exploring the events life puts you through, Take chances, try new things, it all leads to a way healthier and happier life, and love comes when you least expect it 💖 Try to give yourself a break and just enjoy your life as it is, And try to learn to love your own company, that way your happiness is your own 💖💖
Between your hair and your glasses, you have a lot of personality in your style.
I love your hair color, it’s such a rich beautiful brown.
Your skin is to die for too, it’s so clear and gorgeous!
Your have a killer jawline and gorgeous eyes.
I know it’s stressful when you have hormonal acne, but the best part about hormonal acne is that it massively decreases when your hormones balance out.
You have really nice hair, and a lot else going on, so don’t let it get you down.
Good mood, bad mood, ugly, pretty, handsome, what have you, the right person will still think the sun shines out your ass.
That's the kind of person that's worth sticking with.” I think that applies to your situation, either way I think you're lovely 😊
You have a really good bone structure!
Her loss because your smile is literally perfection.
You've got the brightest smile bruh :-) You deserve the best in life.
Your hair is beautiful, and those eyes - Oh my goodness, they're just so striking!
And if you don’t pick at it so you don’t get scars it looks like you’d have great skin.
You have wonderful eyes and a great classic masculine look.
Take care of your skin, my friend, and it will pass.
Your hair, style and glasses all look great on you!
I am sorry to read that, I understand how important it is to feel valued, appreciated and loved, I hope you find that and it warms your heart until the end of times.
Your waist is so magnetic and your hair so smooth.
ahhh your flower tattoo is so nice and you're so cute 💖 your glasses compliment your face so well
You turn some eyes.
You have an absolutely lovely smile, even when you feel broken :)
Hopefully you have and will continue to find others worthy of your grand heart.
Your soul continues to shine brightly even through the bitterness.
That is a real series of blows you suffered, and that you are already back on your feet taking proactive steps to improve your situation and take care of yourself makes you Rocky levels of tough badass.
Your beautiful eyes criminally distracted me from how shockingly handsome the rest of you is.
You have the hair and commanding gaze of a Viking warrior king.
Taste, style, looks and personality, you are firing on every single cylinder there is.
Your smile is adorable omg, it's truly infectious.
You look like a model; your eyes, skin, and face structure are all gorgeous!
You just need to give yourself time to figure things out.
Its never a good feeling when u r cheated on and your heart is broken.
I am glad to see you smiling , a bit wryly, but keep smiling.
You are fearfully and wonderfully made soul that deserves to have someone pursue you in a relationship.
Keep your head up, it only gets better after you realize he isn’t worth taking back.
Just know you will get through this and will find happiness again.
Cut the dead weight and find someone you can trust and spiritually connect with.
I dig your style and with those beautiful eyes, I’m sure it won’t be another 6 years until your next relationship as long as you put yourself out there :)
You matter, you're valid, and your gender is valid, no matter where along your transition you are.
You've got a hell of a smile - if it helps you feel better, I think most people hate how they look in pictures
In 5-10 years you will look back to this with a smile, knowing it was all worth it.
You nailed the thesis, found a great job and hooked the perfect guy.
You have a great chin!
You have gorgeous eyes and great eyebrows!
You look like exactly the kind of dude I'd love to sit down for a beer with
You have a very good shaped head.
You are wonderfully attractive with a darling grin and soft lovely eyes.
We all have obstacles we face and this is just another one you will no doubt conquer!
You have such strikingly beautiful skin!
You have such a nice smile and a twinkle in your eye.
Keep your chin up!
No matter how you’re feeling, your smile still lights you up.
You have a beautiful smile.
I hope you keep smiling even through this!
Hey lovlie, just wanted to say you are an amazing person who deserves respect and kindness every day.
You're very pretty, I like your smile :)
you have such a beautiful smile, and you deserve so much good in your life.
Your smile, while trying to hide your pain, still feels genuine.
In spite of everything you're facing you can still find something to smile about.
I love your smile!
And this might be weird to say, but I love your hair as well.
I love your glasses and nose ring.
“I wish I could show you when you are lonely or in darkness the astonishing light of your own being.” - Hafiz &amp;#x200B; You have a beautiful light inside you, I see it in your picture and I see it in your smile.
Hey lovely lady, just to say you’re gorgeous, I love your nose ring it really suits you!
You are a beautiful soul.
You have such a pretty face.
I bet you look gorgeous with a grin.
You have a beautiful smile and come across as a kind, gentle person.
I like the confidence you have to get a nose ring because I’m terrified of getting piercings.
I like your hair.
I think your smile holds a thousand secrets, doesn’t it?
My frames are a similar shape but damn yours are just lovely colours and suit you so well.
You've done a good thing coming to a place where people just want to make you smile.
This stranger loves you and sees the light and potential in your eyes.
You have an incredibly beautiful face, and your eyes are absolutely stunning.
I bet you have a rainbow bright smile, lets see it :D But seriously if you need someone to talk to just hit me up!
I'm sure that even though your back is against the wall and you feel alone, there is someone out there who cares, and would be there for you.
Your eyes and smile definitely make you look friendly and approachable, on top of being a good looking guy (you also have the most fantastic nose!).
You just went through a really traumatic life event but just like all the other really traumatic events you have faced, this too shall pass for better or for worse.
And please never forget you deserve happiness, everyone does.
You need sleep, your body needs it, try to get a routine.
Your eyes are like gems.
Remember you are more critical of your body than anyone else will be.
Also you have a lovely face and I don't see anything wrong with it :)
It's not a bad thing that you haven't been in relationship yet.. You look awesome and I think that you don't need any tatoo or any piercings, just go out more, talk to people and something may come over :)
I know it sounds like a lot of cliches, but they are true: she will stay alive in your heart, and her voice will always be in your head, telling you that you are good enough.
I wish there was something I could do which would help you to feel better, but today I'll wrap my arms and you and hold you while your blood dries up.
Keep your chin up, keep pushing forward.
As someone who deals with an eating disorder off and on, I was going to compliment you on the weight gain but figured it might be triggering.
Keep at it pretty eyes, you only need one yes.
You are just radiating light and happiness and it makes me smile.
Yes it sucks; my heart breaks for both of you, but it's not fair to either of you to use him as a distraction.
It will get easier as your body adjusts.
You have an anonymous cheering section rooting for your success and happiness.
One day at a time , facing your emotions is part of recovery .
Life gets better, that mental fog of confusion does go away, your body will reward you for honoring it and the energy you receive is amazing!
A week ago, you put your foot down and decided to take the reigns of your life back into your hands.
Will be to exert the **full sum** of your considerable willpower, tenacity and persistence; every hurdle you've faced in your life up to this moment.. every hurt that you've weathered.. every challenge that you've conquered has prepared you for this very moment.
Look into your heart, and find that truth.
You have a very attractive face
Your hair looks so cute, and your entire outfit matches!!!
But I'm glad that, if it wasn't working or bringing you happiness, you aren't in it anymore.
Your smile warms my heart and your eyes warm my soul.
great hair you have there!
I'm so glad we didn't lose your beautiful smile and indomitable spirit.
Glad you're still with us :) you have such a bright smile!
Your hair is so beautiful, I love the blue streaks!
Your smile is contagious, it make me want to buy you a beer and talk with you about life and everything else.
I love your face, your hair is awesome, and your nose stud (is that what it's called?)
You're a beautiful soul that has a lot to offer the world, starting with your smile.
There's a lot of wisdom in your eyes
Seriously, just your pic alone made me smile and I needed that today.
And BTW I love your hair, I wish I could rock it the way you do.
You look like you have a radiant spirit and you’re rockin’ that blue hair.
You are strong and a fighter and you have a beautiful smile.
I hope more and more things start giving you reasons to smile
I truly hope you get better, you truly have a radiant smile.
You have a beautiful smile beautiful hair and beautiful style ❤️ stay golden
Also, your hair is awesome-- :)
Glad to hear you are smiling today :)
Much love to you and I really hope you find love and happiness.
You have such a sweet and charming smile!
There's a lot of character in your face.
My wish for you is happiness, and that you experience something beautiful in some way today.
You should head over to .
Depression sucks massively and nobody should tell you its easy because its not....but depression is in many ways a illness where the cure is pretty well within hand.
I hope I'm not being too forward, but what kind of plastic surgery are you considering?
I think you look lovely and petite, your tummy is nice and flat, you have good skin and a pretty face.
It's really impressive and commendable that you're getting right down to it and putting in the work to get out of debt and your feet back under you.
You look like the sort of caring and lovely person who always puts other people’s happiness ahead of your own.
Great eyes on you too.
Thank you for the kind words, Phil
Thanks for busting your ass so I could have peace of mind now.
Thank you all for the kind words today.
Keep your head up - today you tomorrow me.
You’ve got real nice broad shoulders, your facial features are very well defined and symmetrical.
I’m noticing a little bit of uncertainty in your expression, but once you pick up a little more confidence my god is your smile gonna make a lot of people’s days.
Love your jawline and broad shoulders!
2nd the post about your hair.. i'm jealous (: I can't pretend for a second to know how you feel.. everyone's feelings and situations are different.
It's the hardest part facing up to things and seeking help, but from someone who lost everything, it's really possible to not only get back to how you were, but to become better than you ever dreamed of being.
Sounds like you're waaaay inside your own head and hypercritical of your mistakes.
I think your haircut/facial hair is pretty flattering on you and your shirt is really cool!
I'm usually so oblivious to makeup and other girly things, but your lipstick is a beautiful color!
I was once told that who you spend time with has an immense impact on your life, and ever since then I have applied that knowledge and I can tell you with all the certainty in the world that those friends will hurt your long term happiness.
As for your appearance, you really have every reason to be confident in yourself.
In real life, I wouldn't have the guts to talk to you or tell you that you light up my day just by being present because you would be out of my league and I would bet you my soul that you are surrounded by people who feel the same way.
Maybe we can get an eye transplant so you can see what I'm talking about lol
You look like the kind of girl I'd want to take home to meet my family.
I love your eyes.
I love your curly hair, eyes and that shirt :D
this is a very nice picture and you smile is very genuine it could light up a whole room :-)
You have great teeth and that smile is infectious.
You look like the kind of girl at whom I would Awkwardly Gape from across the room and with which I'd Furtively Avoid Direct Eye Contact to avoid coming across as creepy.
You have a very kind and approachable face, and that person lost what could've actually been a great friend.
It's really hard to go from having an eating disorder and over-controlling everything to feeling like you have no control over how your body wants to be.
You weren't happy when you were at your lowest weight, either, but sometimes it seems like the longer you spend in recovery the more you forget about how shitty you felt at your worst.
You're doing so much good just by persevering even when you have these thoughts screaming in your ear.
You have a great smile.
Your smile made me smile.
Keep your chin up.
Your 👏🏻 eyebrows 👏🏻 are 👏🏻 excellent.
I just ended an abusive relationship so I understand :( On that note, your smile to is die for.
You have a wonderful smile!
You have the kind of smile that lights up a room :)
You have such a handsome, kind face... And God I'd love to have your BMI 😉 I bet you're a great friend and boyfriend whom people can talk to because they know you'll understand.
Also, I think you're good at choosing haircuts, this one fits you very well.
You have lovely eyes.
I'd be surprised if you didn't feel a little in over your head now and then.
I don't know if you've tried it, but you can get gel ear plugs that mould to the shape of your ear canal, these can be comfortable to wear while sleeping and block out a lot of noise, if hearing your alarm is a concern, invest in an activity band that has a vibration alarm and wear it to bed.
Maybe you don't fit your own stereo type but you are cutie so get that 'not good enough' thought right out of your head.
You have beautiful eyes, a lovely face and adorable curly hair!
You have beautiful eyes!
And you have a loving heart.
Just wanted to say your eyes sparkle!
You look like a kurt cobain, That facial hair is just the right length for you and i think you should be proud to look in the mirror.
I think you actually manage to pull off that nose ring which not everyone can do!
Simple makeup look suits you well, and i love the double shade of colour in your hair :)
And when you find the right person, they'll be worthy of your amazing love and give back equally, and you'll know it deep in your bones.
You're lovely and a badass all in one, and I hope we can all make you smile.
I'm so sorry you're going through a rough patch :( You have really pretty eyes though, and your nails look rad as hell!
I hope this at least gets you to smile.
I want you to know that you have the most amazing eyes, it emanates a pure beaty!
If you don’t trust me, trust your smile, as it shows a real confident woman.
I am holding you in my own heart right now.
You have great bone structure.
Your eyes also have a great sparkle and colour to them
Appearance wise have Beautiful feline eyes, and I love your hair.
You can play the guitar (presumably), have a rockin' beard, and a full head of hair.
You’re going to figure this out, and when you do you’ll appreciate it so much more than you would have.
Oooh well, you are very handsome, you can play the guitar which is great, your fashion sense seems good, your hairstyle and facial hair look really nice on you, I even like your choice of glasses!
I know dating is hard but I hope you remember to smile, because I'm sure that a smile is the only thing missing in this picture of you.
Also, I love your eyebrows, lucky!
You are handsome and you look like a gentle soul!
I bet your smile kills
I dont know if those are contacts, or your real eyes, but they are mesmerising.
I love how silky your hair looks too!
Stop covering your face dude, nothing to hide from!!
Wish i had manageable hair like you, looks like you can do some dope styles.
Cant see much else cuz of your hand, but hey.
Everyone is different and i know tbe frustration when someone says "its in your head," i take pride in knowing that our anxiety and depression truly is in our heads.. chemical imbalance.. you seem like youre on the right path to recovery.
i know anxiety makes it impossible to live in the moment, constantly in the past or future and always in your head, but focus on the fact that nothing else matters but you.
Youre a powerful person and i know you will perservere in the face of anxiety and depression.
keep your head up !!!
You have a great face!
You don't have to face this alone.
You have beautiful lips, and a really nice masculine jaw!
You deserve happiness, and you have an important place in our world!
Your skin smooth af, all porcelain and shit up in this bitch.
You have such clear skin!
I love your eyebrows and eyeliner.
I love your hair and eyes!
You have a slightly cheeky glint in your eyes that I bet makes you super fun.
Hey, you are having fun and not harming your body (You look pretty great) that's not bad right
I'm sorry to hear that you're feeling lost, and it broke my heart to have read about your abuse-streaked past, and to learn about your methods of taking your own life.
You're a straight stunner girl, keep your head held high.
You absolutely deserve happiness.
Your hair fuckin rocks!!
Your hair color is RAD and I love it!
I love that hair, that eyes and your smile.
I love your confidence with that hair, that makes you so much more attractive
😄 Love your amazing bright hair!
You have such a radiant smile!
But you will need to talk and figure things out.
I can tell from just your post title that you're a very caring person, someone who's willing to dedicate your time and give your whole heart to someone else.
It seems that you've just done that and they tossed your heart back without a second thought.
You are so deserving of every kind of love there is in this world.
You are one of a kind, and you are pure.
Giving yourself future goals can help you cut down on the dark thoughts in your head and give you a sense of purpose.
I love your hair!!
You deserve better, and that's why I think you should play your heart out tomorrow.
Play your heart out, we'll be rooting for you here.
I love your hair.
But also your very cute and I wish I had that hair!
You are drop dead gorgeous, you have amazing cheekbones and fabulous hair.
I Love your hair color.
And I can’t tell if you are wearing amazing subtle makeup, or have naturally perfect pink cheeks, but either way you look lovely!
I love your face shape, its like a heart, and those lips are... luscious.
There is something about that I cant quite put my finger on that makes mr feel like you would be a super loyal friend who would always be there for others.
You have great skin, nice, natural brows, and gorgeous hair.
You hold your head up high like you’ve got a lot to be proud off and you should!
You have a nice body, not too thin or too big -- just right.
You have very nicely colored lips
Your smile just brightened up my day
Well buddy I am almost drawn to Study that fearsome beard That is the kind of beard Which generates fear Amongst the citizens The denizens of this strange world Unfurled and perturbed for one Such as you, some kind of god Lashed to dolphins, leading Their pod across wild seas A rushing mane, bent at the horizon And in the distance, flames See there are worlds for you to tame Warriors to best and women to Carry to bed To bring into the warm, far from these Unruly waves and their blue storm You smell that?
That's rain That's rage, let it douse your pain Again you are, and again Some kind of wild god No beginning, no end, and after all You are enough, you are stellar stuff, nothing requiring your defence The universe inside you, immense, Makes beggars of us all When you build your next reality Give us all a role, a scene, However small - - - - - - You're fuckin rock and roll dude, don't let yourself entertain nothing different.
Lol you have a super nice smile hope all these redditors are picking you up on your low day
Second, I'm super jealous of your hair.
Omggg your eyebrows are gorgeous 😍😍😍
Keep your head up high and never become one of these people.
Although your sisters have crazy person eyes.
I hope you get better, also you hair looks great.
Keep your chin up man!
With that hair and that beard you’ll be back on your feet kicking life’s ass soon enough :)
I'm struck by how this portrait captured the precise emotions and request you shared in the headline - a perfect mix of heartbreak and apathy asking the universe for kindness - I hope one day very soon you can feel the compassion for yourself that I immediately felt upon seeing this portrait.
I believe it will get better though, you just gotta keep your head up and take each day as it comes.
Your hair &amp; eye color combo is lovely.
I love your hair (color and style!
), and your eyes!
Don't say that, you look cute and your hair and eyes are lovely.
You brighten every day and always make me smile.
This may sound a little weird but you have really cute lips.
Your eyes are hypnotic.
Your eyes and hair are beautiful, especially in combination, and I adore your pretty fair skin.
The grey in your hair suits you so well.
you're absolutely gorgeous, and you have such a kindness about you (reading your responses).
Love that beautiful heart in your body that's been chugging for years and treat yourself like your own best friend.
I know it’s hard, but keep your chin up and keep doing what you like.
Something that took me a long time to figure out is you are only bullied if you feel that you are bullied.
I am sure you have hear this but think of it this way "sticks and stones will break my bones but names will never hurt me".
Keep your head up and keep what is that head positive - No cuts - No wounds.
Keep your chin up!
!keep your head up and keep working on your art.
If you got emotionally punched in the face, you're gonna have a bruise.
But I sincerely hope you can keep your head up, and I hope you feel better soon.
Watched some great comedy and laughed your head off?
They have no self value money money and thus that using their money to get away with say what you experienced makes them something, and it does an ass.
Keep your eye on the ball.
You were super cute with long hair, but you are very handsome with short hair, in my opinion.
I also have a thing for guys with beards, and since your hair is short now, your beard stands out more.
Yeah, I love your hair.
If it happened in such a short time frame, I doubt your weight gain is all fat.
As a trainer I'm sure you know that elevated cortisol due to stress doesnt help with weight loss and it can take a few weeks (up to 6 for some folks) for the meds to really kick in, depending on the type.
I think it's important to humanize yourself as a personal trainer, and you can use your current situation to give a first-hand example to your clients that everybody falls down from time to time.
You've worked your butt off and you deserve to be rewarded!
☺️ keep your head up, there’s nothing to be ashamed of.
Two things I notice when I look at you: your gorgeous hazel-green eyes and your cute Rosie dimples when you smile.
You should always smile, I think it’s your best feature.
...But your smile here has a confidence and determination to it that resonates with me - to the extent that it has made me smile as well.
I don't know if it was borne from a genuine happiness within you, or if it was just something that you wore for a fleeting moment while this picture was taken, but either way, it has brightened my day.
My fingers are crossed that that the happiness and confidence it conveys were genuine and were able to continue throughout your day as well.
Your smile shows you can be outgoing to people deserving of it.
Just being able to do something simple yet drastic for yourself is an amazing way to show yourself that you can look at change in the face and say “I got this” And you do.
Your eyeliner is absolute perfection 👌🏼 and you have really pretty eyes!
Such a wee bit of floof with such a mighty hold on your heart.
Sorry for your loss, doesn't matter how small they are, they take up a big potion of our hearts.
I really love your eyes!
And your hair looks amazing!
You have a gorgeous smile and your hair looks amazing.
Your hair looks fantastic!
You have such a genuine smile too!
Frames your face nicely and complements your smile.
I LOVE your hair plus you look like a chill &amp; relaxed person to be around.
Keep your head up.
The great thing about love and happiness is that giving it away to someone or something else doesn’t lessen the amount you still have left to give.
Your glasses and hair make you look like a young professor at Hogwarts.
Your weight loss is a big accomplishment and something to be very proud of.
Love your choice of piercings too they are soo cute.
There’s nothing wrong with your Roman nose, it’s absolutely a wonderful part of you and looks great.
You won't regret it after realizing you don't have to keep up with messy hair.
Damn dude you have a super cute side profile and I don’t see anything off with your nose!!
You're beautiful, love your eyes.
You got killer style too, dig the piercings.
Your eyes be like lightning, cause they struck me down.
I like your goofy smile.
I like your intelligent eyes.
I like your handsome beard.
Red really suits you, and you have beautiful hair !
), and you have a kind smile too.
You have a killer beard and nice eyes!
You can cry and that's ok but just remember to lift you head up and continue to live and enjoy every bit that life has to offer.
If it helps: I'm not gonna lie, you look like the kind of guy who had a shaved head!
If I saw you on the street I wouldn't think anything negative of it at all, especially with the beard to balance it out.
I'm glad this year you're not depressed It's no fun being down and stressed With your goofy smile everyone benefits I hope things continue to look good for you It's getting cold now and it's easy to feel blue Hope you stay warm and end this year with a bunch of treats This place is made better by your presence Dr_Tickleshitz
Take a bow, make a speech, sashay off the stage with your head held high.
The kind of thing and confidence you can gain only from rough times.
QUIT YOUR JOB has been for me A kind of mantra since university You've freed your mind, and your body Now you've quit your favourite hobby I have so much love for you, Curly Sue, diva boots in butchers' eyes Blue, hair red perhaps, or cosmos black The endless night where the stars are stacked Diva dance with us here, the end of Fall Together, orbiting a decaying fireball Worlds of birth, swinging from our roots Our angels and demons in cahoots But Diva identifies her demons It's okay that she tried to feed them Freedom now, cosmic hair frames her Brow, browbeaten but never cowed: I bow To you, Bonnie Blue Creation, rendered, emerges from you - - - - - - - I believe in you, as sure as we're nearing December.
With that majestic beard you can do anything!
I love love your eyeliner!
I love your beard :3
I believe in you and I know others do too 😊 btw your beard is amazing.
I love the stars by your eyes and your headband and hair!!!
Your beard can grab a pencil and get to work too.
I’m nobody special and not any kind of genius so you can definitely do this.
You look so much like me it messed with my head as I was scrolling.
I’m jealous of your beard though, my wife doesn’t want me to grow mine that long.
Your beard is GLORIOUS.
Kinda cool that I just stumbled across your post on Keep your head up chap x happy belated bornday
That is the first little thing that can pop into your head saying something negative about you.
This can be your ammo to shoot that negative "voice" right in the face.
You can leave all these assholes behind.
Keep your head up OP
Keep your chin up.
What happens if your car stops working or your neck starts hurting a week from now but you never filed anything?
You shouldn’t fell like a dick.
I want to tell you that not a lot of people value education, so that makes you great in my eyes.
Your cat shirt is a++, i love the way your hair sits on you, YOu have big beautiful eyes too!
I love your eyebrows!
On point Your hair looks super silky too.
You have such a great smile!
As you age and mature you skin will naturally clear up and the ridiculous treatments will get less and less.
Your eyeliner looks wonderful!
Keep on smiling like that and doing what makes you smile!
i love your makeup and look in general, you are gorgeous!!
Your hair is killer &amp; that sweatshirt looks great on you.
Your hair looks awesome and you rock the outfit.
I don’t know what to say... some people either can’t tell they’re gorgeous or are just fishing for compliments... your glasses and hair in particular 👌
How about you celebrate those flawless brows?
Your entire face radiates beauty.
You’ve got that natural backlight just perfect to keep your face visible and give you a literal glow!
It really beings out your pretty face!
Your hair is absolutely gorgeous!
Also you seem like the kind of person who always had a smile to give out.
You have a beautiful smile, and I hope you soon feel well enough to show it off more.
This is a really cool photo, you're adorable, and I really like your hair :)
You have a lovely smile, pretty eyes, and luscious hair; I wish my hair were such a gorgeous shade!
I know this is a common thread, but you have great hair!
Unleash that smile as often as you can, it's super endearing.
It means your heart is open, you’re willing to ask for help, and you’re self-aware.
You rock the short hair and have a cute smile.
Your nose isnt the first thing that i think someone would focus on.
Be happy about your appearance because youre quite stunning :)
They suit you well and really match your face, great choice :D
You're photogenic especially with that hair, you have good style, you are awesome, you have friends and dogs just don't chill on anyone's lap.
Keep your head up dude :)
I was immediately struck by how kind and wise your eyes seem.
I can tell you have a lot to say, and whatever you do say matters and has weight.
Keep your chin up.
I know how much of a pain curly hair can be, and you are pulling it off!
Your hair is the type of hair i dream to have.
Your hair is amazing!
And you look awesome in that jacket
I think it goes really well with your jawline.
Your hair is amazing!
Weight changes or not, you’re still you and that number doesn’t define the heart underneath.
So what if you gained some weight?
If you feel down on your appearance, look at yourself and say "this body is handling some of the toughest things that can be thrown at it, it's a beautiful, strong body.
Love your hair game and glasses, you're way more photogenic than you think.
So a friend broke your heart.
That said, your body did nothing shameful.
Your body was just doing what it does.
What happened is completely natural, and anyone who gives you hell for it is a monster without a heart.
It will hurt if you hear any of it, but you did all that you could do knowing your body at the time.
It's like picking your nose, everyone does it......just not everyone is candid enough to admit that they do it.
Keep your chin up, all will be forgotten in time.
Accept that, just like a broken arm, you will need to feel lots of pain before you start healing.
Don't bash your arm against the wall.
Soon your arm will be just as it was before, and you will be ready to give and receive love.
But I think loving your body regardless where it’s at is the first step!
I really don't think there's anything wrong with your body, you look great!
All I can say is that my head would turn if I saw you walking by (really nice curves!)
I mean my goodness you have a models body.
I hope you feel as good as you look, you deserve happiness friend :)
Being miserable in your own body is hard to overcome.
If it's any help, your body is like my goal body
First of all, I want to tell you that after losing around 40 pounds, I just reached the top of my normal BMI and your body is kinda my goal, honestly.
That kind of determination will see you through this.
You might have to bust your ass in a time when you feel the least inspired to do so.
Keep your head up.
Your smile could light up a universe 😍😍
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
Advice: Could you share your hair care routine and how you get it to look like that?
Your eyes, hair and beard are phenomenal.
Stunning piece of foil in your hand.
Love the outfit and a sucker for your mischievous smile!
Is it wierd to say your skin looks really nice?
I particularly like your smile, you look legitimately happy or amused (as opposed to 'just smiling for the camera').
Your smile is very contagious too!
You’re so strong for losing so much weight and you got this!
I think you have a nice face with kind eyes and excellent hair.
I hear a lot of people say to start with grooming; a haircut, a massage, some new clothes, whatever gives you a boost in the looks department.
You have nice thighs.
You have a kindness about you that just screams in this pic!
You look fantastic and your eyes are gorgeous!
You have the most gracious smile and kindest eyes, you look like an angel
You have adorable cheeks, and you are killing it in that red lipstick!
You should try to smile a bit more, else you are fine bro 👍
You look great my friend like others have said try smile I've got a resting bitch face amd smiling more makes a world of difference
You have nice eyes, great chin, masculine and really pretty nose.
There will be people who won't and there will be people who will admire your look and personality.
No matter what your depression may tell you, you are worth something, you can still succeed in the face of past failures, and your situation can certainly get better!
That said, dude, your hair is gorgeous.
Maybe they notice irl but are too intimidated by those piercing eyes :-) You are definitely noticeable with those good looks and I'm sorry you feel the way you do!
Even though you're not smiling in this picture I'm sure your smile is knee knocking worthy as well.
Your eyes are beautiful!
I know it's an older photo but I love your hair in it.
Your eyes are very beautiful and you have a great innocent smile.
That you are looking hella-lit is a cherry on the cake :D For real though, you're skin looks so clean in this photo, your teeth are beautiful and white, facial hair is on point and I'm digging your style with a shovel.
You look really good, try to put a smile on your face :) If you are feeling lonely, just reach out to the people around you, I am sure you have amazing stories to tell, and who can resist a positive person with a warm smile?
Keep it up dude you got a great smile!
You've got a vibrant, youthful face and yet I can totally sense your old soul and maturity.
You have kind eyes, and your hair flicks back in a really nice way.
You seem to really like the beard, so hopefully you can grow it back, but I wouldn't stress at all in the meantime.
I can tell you have gorgeous eyes!
Damn, your eyes are otherworldly...
Your smile is gentle, and I can tell that you are kind and thoughtful.
I love your nose piercing, I'm trying to pierce mines too!
And your hair color is so awesome.
You have a great smile and your ugly duckling improvement picture is shocking!
You and your best friend sound like a great match and I hope you guys the most happiness in the world.
Now your smile matches how beautiful you are!
), I can see genuine happiness in your eyes and that's what truly radiates.
You are a beautiful girl no and your smile in all pictures is infectious.
It's amazing how a small change to your own appearance can exponentially skyrocket your self confidence.
Your hair color + eye color combo complement each other perfectly!!
You have beautiful eyes!
Also your skin complexion/tone are so pretty.
That's awesome that you were able to not only take it in stride, but sounds like you kicked a fair amount of ass doing it.
You have beautiful eyes.
Your teeth are in much better shape but can I say that even in the middle pic you have a great smile!
Lights up your whole face!
Your smile is so sweet and bright.
Like you need a leather jacket.
I love your hair !
You have a kind face.
Your eyes are beautiful in spite of the tinge of sadness I see there.
I’d love to see you smile.
I hope you're doing better right now :) I don't really know how to help you smile but I'm sending you good wishes
That's the kind of smile can make your day even better if you saw it smiling at you.
you look adorable though, don't worry about that at all, keep your chin up okay?
Love the curly hair and your eyebrows 😂 your ex is a silly girl
You're cute and look like you have a good personality!
Keep your head up, Kevin.
Plus your glasses fit your face really well and I love your hairstyle.
If the gym is too intimidating, you can always just try body weight exercises at home, same level of training but maybe with a bit less pressure.
I totally love your beard colour, greetings from also having depression &gt;wo
Your eyes are lovely.
They say you can find the universe in anyone's eyes, you just have to look for it.
Dude your jawline and cheekbones are SHARP and that haircut is on point
Your eyes couldn't be better.
Your hair is amazing and the cat ears are uber cute.
Your makeup skills are incredible.
Your eyes and lips are amazing!
Absolutely love you hair by the way, looks awesome!
I think that you’ve taken a wonderful photo and that I’m guessing it reflects what type of person you are inside.... Keep your chin up and remember that you truly are a beautiful person
Like others have said, talk about the entire process, because what happened in the end for you is that you placed your son onto your wife's chest.
It wasn’t until we were at the hospital and a blessed mystery nurse held my hand and said, “You are in a safe place and we will take care of you and your baby,” that I was able to participate in the birth.
Keep your head up and know that it should get a little better with each passing day, and if it doesn't, make sure to speak to your doc about it!
Also, your facial structure is the most perfect, good call on the short hair to emphasize that!
You have a pretty hair, and wow those eyes are so beautiful
Not only do you have that killer jaw line but that jacket man!
your hair is amazing!
Your smile made me smile!
Those frames suit your beautiful eyes!
Love your Claddagh necklace :) *The hands are for friendship* *The heart is for love* *&amp; loyalty is shown by the crown up above*
Wow, your hair is amazing, your eyes are an awesome colour, and your glasses really suit you!
Whoa dude, I live your hair, your hairline is sharp!
You have absolutely beautiful skin.
What kind of moisturizer do you use?
I wanna make mermaid braids in your mermaid hair &lt;3
You have really pretty eyes.
Good job on taking care of your body as well, you look fantastic 👍🏻 Best of luck in all things, may life only continue to improve for you.
I know that your commitment and drive will lead to success within your future and continued happiness!!
You're hair as sweet as fairy floss And your eyes of aquamarine Bring colour to the world when hope seems lost, Such a beauty I've rarely seen.
So here's to you being on the mend With your surgery behind you; To the girl with the rainbow-coloured soul, I hope that comfort and peacefulness finds you.
I'm so glad to hear you're pushing your way through to health and happiness.
Hope you feel physically better and good luck on your journey , self love is the key to happiness
You are a bad ass.
Your face really stands out in between all those standard girl pics, try to put up a genuine smile on that face though, I am sure this would be a blast!
You look absolutely alright :) I think you are really beautiful and cute, maybe try to have a bit a calmer, more genuine smile.
I don't know why, something about your face makes me think you're an entertaining guy to be around.
I do hope that you are holding your bad finger to your mouth à la Dr Evil whenever you get the chance.
And you look great too, but you would look even better with a smile on that face :) Don‘t forget that it always gets better.
Your style is on point and your smile makes me want to smile!
Your hair and eyes are dreamy, you know you got something going on.
Your hair and eyes rule, keep fighting that good fight.
Your eyes and lips are AMAZING and you're just beautiful.
Your eyebrows and eye shape are really beautiful together!
Keep your head up and I promise 2019 will be a whole lot better!
You get a skill not everyone can do, a great conversation piece, confidence when you an move your body, and plenty of people to date in the scene.
come to love your personality and who you are.
Try to keep a more active sleep schedule for yourself, you need to be able to show your amazing face to the world with all the energy you can!
Trust me your body is a lot stronger than you think.
I would love to see what your eyes look like without filters on your photos.
You have very soulful eyes!
You deserve happiness and love.
Yeah bruh your nose is fine.
Your nose fits your face perfectly.
Yeah I think it fits your face well.
I think your nose is proportionate!
It's a distinct part of your face like some people have distinct eyes or chins.
Yeah, I think it fits your face just fine.
you have the nose of a Greek statue.
Your nose is damn near art, bro.
And also, your nose is fine!
I mean, it looks like a nose, and it fits your face.
It’s a good thing, nose is super unique and makes you look attractive
your nose probably looks massive in a selfie picture but it’s really not.
i heard somewhere that the front facing camera in phones distorts it into a slight fisheye, giving the illusion that your nose is bigger than it is.
I wish I had your nose
Sometimes thoughts about one's body can become obsessive and there are professionals that can help you ease out of them.
You look like a fun person, and your glasses fit your face shape.
bulk up a bit, keep growing out ur hair til its sorta long, and just try not caring about the distorted views in your mind.
Distinctive, yes, and fits your face perfectly.
your nose fits with your face and looks really great!
You look like you have the snuggliest cheeks.
Your eyes and brows are on the highest level, you're gorgeous.
You have kind eyes and amazing lips and look like very welcome company.
Whatever happened to record those messages for replay in your head can be changed.
I’m sorry you took a lightsaber to the face.
I can't see your entire face (obviously) but you look gorgeous.
I really like your brows, I'm struggling to achieve this shape lol
Just ignore them...you are pretty, love your eyebrows.
Your eyes are beautiful!
You have a nice smile!
I'm pretty sure I'm a better person just for having been able to look at your beautiful eyes
You look like such a kind person.
Your smile is so big and kind that it breaks my heart to hear of your pain.
Dude your iris is a different kind of black.
I don’t know if you follow any kind of religion but I’d like to pray for you, if that’s OK?
You just look like you'd be the life and soul of the dance floor, all full of energy and smiles.
You have an amazing smile.
Remember, hair grows back, and weight can be lost, but you are beautiful, and that is something that you simply have.
You have beautiful eyes and your skin is so clear!!!
You have a very nice smile, and beautiful eyes.
I like your hair.
Your eyes and lips are amazing and your brows are perfect!
But this doesn’t mean that’s how it’ll be forever, and it’s so good that you got some things off your chest!
Even with how upset you are, you have such a calm strength in your face, so I know you’ll get through this.
Warm up your body, warm up your soul, and remember that you’re a powerhouse babe who owns her own life!
A beautiful face and I can imagine a personality to match, I know what it can be like getting out of the hole of self esteem issues and I just want you to know I'm proud of you for it!
Hair grows back and you can analyze your habits and figure out what you're doing differently and change it.
Your eyes are still beautiful, you've got great freckles, and you've learned something about yourself and you can easily correct course.
Your hair will grow back, you can start wearing makeup again anytime, and walking around your neighborhood is free to do!
Because he spends the rest of the year in jail for breaking and entering Haha sorry but those are the kind of jokes I like :-D Glad you both seem pretty awesome.
I am heading for similar goals, sounds like you are doing great already.
I love your lips.
Your eyes are beautiful and your beard is rad!
Been there too brother, keep your head up and push forward.
Keep your head up man, you got this.
you have very pretty eyes!!!
Maybe all that weight you think you gained is from that shark eating all those rainbows on your stomach!
But you look like a fun person with a lot of personality.
You’re really pretty- you have perfect skin and a really nice bone structure, i kind of envy you.
...Kay but your eyes tho.
Keep your head up!
Your smile is the best makeup of all.
You have the face of a guy I'd go bowling with any day of the week.
You're probably blind, because you look badass with that beard.
You look really rad and I love your hair and beard, they suit you well!
Keep your head up ♥ Plus I gotta say, I'm loving your makeup and glasses.
You have great taste in glasses frames!
The subtle color and shape really suit your face :) Also, I love your hair!
Dude, you look fucking awesome with that hair.
Get that chin up, boi, you look tight.
You probably don’t need any makeup at all!
Your smile is big, genuine, and lovable and your skin is flawless.
You have got insane eyes
And by the way, I would love to have your eyes!
You have baby skin and a decent beard.
Feed your soul, my friend, and see your beauty flow.x
I love your hair!
Shave your beard, and get a haircut.
Its hiding your face and from what I see, you look like you've got a really kind face.
If you keep on growing the hair, YOUR HAIR WILL RIVAL **MOTHERFUCKING AUQUAMAN** &amp;#x200B; **YOU HAVE A FIRM-ASS BEARD MY GUY WHATTHEFUCKHOLYSHITMYGUY** WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU, LEONIDIS FROM THE "300" MOVIE?!
Also, I noticed you dressed a lot differently in your first pic than in your second.
You should always go for an outfit and a face that makes you happy!
If you’re upset you don’t wear makeup anymore, than put some on, even if you’re not going anywhere.
Your hair is really nice!
I also love your mustache, your appearance feels so warm and welcoming :D
I bet you are a great person and deserving of friends and happiness.
I hope you have an amazing day and i promise you'll find some people for you, just keep your head up :)
I exercise to try to attain the body type that you have.
Also, you have a friendly smile.
Low Communication Is a relation of High Cunning You protect yourself From running into situations With strange souls, and Collecting cold stories, both brittle And bold You do this since you're The warmth that sings Of those iridescent physical laws That give lift to birds' wings You're the days ahead of me The wisdom within melody You're the space between Electrons, between stars Art we reflect on But space is not empty Space is Time It is *potency* And if you'll give it a little Reflection You'll see this space you are is really Connection - - - - - - - - Take care of your mind and your soul; find the others, realise your true role.
Your eyebrows are so fucking good and your smile is fantastic.
My advice would be to simply keep your head up, find some good stuff on Netflix or hulu or a new video game or anything to stay busy while you grind out a fresh start.
You have a great sense of humor and that is gonna help you land a sweet girl, a sweet job, and a sweet coping mechanism.
You're cool as hell and you probably do have a nice ass
I like the cut of your ass.
The black compliments your eyes nicely, and the hair is awesome.
You have a wonderfully symmetrical face and I like the glasses too.
Your glasses really suit your face as well.
I absolutely love your glasses and hair color.
You have a lovely, cute bone structure and you have kind, soft eyes.
Your smile is so sweet, your hairstyle fits your profile really well and overall you're gorgeous &lt;3
You have gorgeous eyes and a very sweet smile :)
You have the most wonderful eyes and a very beautiful face.
Especially like your smile and symmetrical bone structure.
I know it's just stubble, but it's filled out really evenly and it frames your face well.
You have such a great face!
The kind where, if I was stressed in the grocery store or walking down the street, seeing you smile would brighten my day.
You have beautiful bedroom eyes.
Time will fly by and you will lose more and more weight until you achieve your goal.
You're an attractive man and you'll feel yourself feeling better every week, as you drop lbs and gain muscle.
You have a great smile and I feel like you look amazing in a suit.
Your hair is awesome.
Most people can't pull off that kind of look, but you definitely can and you should take advantage of that.
Beautiful hair, beautiful smile, and you look great in glasses.
And your lips look very kissable lol.
Play this on your way into school after the holidays, it's silly but it's hard to forget when it's stuck in your head all day - You've got this!
You're a nice looking guy and I'm sure you have a bright future ahead of you, so try to keep your chin up.
I think your facial hair looks nice on your face, and I like your smile.
I'm so in love with your hair, it looks so nice on you.
I like your face shape and how well your glasses go with it \^-\^
I think you're handsome and I like your hair!
yo your hair is so luxe and regal-looking!
You have a really cute smile and I can tell you and your pup pup share a great love!
Your smile is so cute!
You look lovely - I think your hair really suits you and you have beautiful bone structure.
You look super vibrant and I really love your hair, it reminds me of Disney’s Merida (it’s the kind of hair I’d see on someone on the street and think ‘wow!’)!
You also have a really contagious smile (I smiled when I saw your picture) and l feel like you could brighten anyones day with it, which makes me think your friends/family are really lucky to have you around!
Your jawline says anything else but fat ;)
You have really kind eyes bro
It means your appetite has picked back up and that you are starting to eat like you should, these are the good things about getting clean ... Let it happen, let your body get all the vitamins and minerals and healthy stuff it supposed to get through eating that it hasn't been getting do to drugs... You look fabulous, you're hella adorable, concentrate on getting healthy and everything else will fall into place.
I'm very very proud of you for taking up this fight as I know how damn hard it is, keep it in your head that you're gonna beat that poison and it will be so... Keep fighting the good fight sister, my money is on you.
Someone told me once that long hair is like your soul reaching out to the earth, like human antennae or whiskers.
Your eyes/smile are infectious!
The facial hair and regular hair (lol) suit you very well
Your eyes are so big and pretty!
Ariana Grande vibes from your facial structure and bright eyes.
Lovely brown eyes and you have I'm not sure what to call it maybe good cheek bone structure.
I think you’re really cute and you look like you have a sweet personality
The curvature of your ass is quite exemplary.
You have such a nice jawline and I love your eyebrows!
Your face is very proportional and overall cute!
You should smile more often, it's good for boosting your mood ;) Your eyes are attractive and your face is overall very cute!
Those eyes This smile God damn You're like a ray of sunshine, you look like someone I'd love to hang out with !
Keep your back straight, chin up, head high.
Hair=💯 smile 💯 face 💯 I love your face shape.
You look a lot like my best friend...a kindness, resilience, and tenderness hid by years of pain...
There's hope in your face.
And it sounds like you've put your heart and soul into the music.
The most important thing is combating your addiction, you'll sort out minor issues like a little weight gain later.
Your smile is adorable and your doggie so cute.
Hearing your rap sent tingles down my spine and I can’t say enough how personal this song seemed to me and how much it seems you poured your heart in.
Love your hair color!
I'm really digging your beard and you somehow made the hat work- As someone else mentioned, that's not super common for people to be able to pull off.
You also have these nice calm eyes that are quite charming.
Your hair looks very good, the glasses suit you well and that smile is one of the most heartwarming things I had the pleasure of seeing today.
Your body is thanking you so much for this!
I smiled when I read it, I'm going through a tough patch and it is inspiring to read your story!
I hope you find true happiness in life and this next year is an amazing one for you!
Your hair looks good, too.
I’ve had days when I don’t like when I look in the mirror, but I’ve gotten compliments before on myself and try to remind myself of that so heed these words... You are a beautiful girl with an amazing smile and great eyes.
I love your hair!
I don’t know what I’d do if I were in your shoes But I certainly know that you did the right thing Self love -much love from some random from cali
Your hair is beautiful, your eyes are so incredibly fascinating and that smile is lovely.
I love your simple style and your radiant smile.
I love your smile, and your outfit is really nice!
Also, your hair is beautifully done!
I'd definitely go out of my way to talk to you if I saw you in person with that smile and those beautiful eyes.
Omg with hair that gorgeous and shiny you have NOTHING to be worried about.
Hang in there, you are incredibly beautiful with a wonderful smile and I can only imagine the happiness you bring others, stay special and keep that smile!
Striking and classy!👌🏼 Edit: you have kind eyes ☺️
You probably imagine your world splitting in half and crumbling beneath your feet, falling into freefall with nothing to support you.
You have two arms, two legs, and a fully functioning brain, capable of making decisions, changing lives and making the world a happier place.
You were the one who captivated that twinkle in his/her eye.
You have done a ton of awesome things, not the least of which was brought love and happiness to another human being for 11 years straight.
I wish I could have been there and smear cake on your face haha.
Make your own happiness.
Please please please - never let someone or something be the source of your happiness.
You’ll be a much happier person for it in the long run - shedding “friends” hurts at the moment but in the end you’ll have less heartache on your hands.
You deserve love and kindness.
Keep your head up, I promise it’ll get better.
A difficult lesson to learn is that you are responsible for your own happiness, and if you base it on anyone else, you will often feel let down.
Count your life by smiles, not tears.
Lift your head and push forward, even the darkest night end with an illuminated morning.
There's always a way up, maybe we can get creative and help you figure that out.
It sucks at first because you literally have to teach your body how to appreciate the work you're putting in.
At least going forward, acknowledge your limits and respect your body and mind when they call for a little rest.
So, until you find what your own personal push is, take a little comfort in the fact that you're awesome and the folks here on the sub are around to hand out some high fives!
Yes, they're assholes for not showing it to you right now but they have it, and that's all you need to know.
Because NOTHING is too much, There is NOTHING you will face that someone here hasn't been up against.
Don't tip your damn toe into the water, Jump your happy ass in and scream into it.
Figure that shit out and let us know it, Let us help you be accountable to your dreams because in the end the only person that is truly responsible for your HAPPINESS is you.
In a few years you'll be telling you're friends all about it, and laughing at that time you broke your leg and couldn't make it to South Korea, but because of that you vowed to go someday!
Hope your leg heals soon and you feel better 💛
You deserve a pat on the back just for doing that!!
You stand head and shoulders over them with enough dignity to atleast want to work, and the patience to put up with shitty work.
At this moment, I would like nothing more than to throw a smile on your face.
Regardless of your background or personality.
But I believe you can develop the kind of character that is strong enough to identify and avoid the crappy people who give you grief for this and learn to treasure the quality ones who care for you as a person.
I'd like to preface saying that most things are easier said than done, I dont expect this to magically solve things, and having been 15 I can only imagine the weight this has on you right now.
Even if in your head you don't like how you look you have to believe that by being a good person others will be attracted to you.
If you continue to like yourself and be confident in yourself ... you will attract others who will enjoy you for who YOU are not your hair
Most of the negatives are in your head.
Your personality will shine through.
I started losing my hair around your age and by the time I got to college I decided just to start shaving my head completely.
Keep your head up and only worry about the things you can control.
You can still be awesome without hair!
If they are genuinely your friends they will continue to be your friends regardless of your hair or lack thereof.
You are not your hair.
Keep moving forward and when you look in the mirror know that your it is not your hair that will be important.
It will be your eyes full of brightness and cleverness.
It will be your smile full of white teeath and a happy disposition.
It will be your lips full of insights and kind words.
Google cute pics of your favorite animal and give yourself a nice smile!
With that face I'm sad I can't take you out for a drink.
Just keep at it, hold your chin high and everything will be just great.
Keep one foot in front of the other and remember you are valued.
You put their needs and happiness before your own, which is a very honorable deed.
Go to a bathroom stall - wrap your arms around yourself and know that there are many other ignorant, awkward anxiety ridden people supporting you to get through this moment.
You are responsible for your own emotions and while I know anxiety can be a pain in the ass, you can turn it around and go grab the day by it's balls!
So chin up, walk in, and be your awesome self.
Rejection will only make you stronger and the next time will be much easier to approach the girl you like, what's the worst she can say, no.... Just hang in there and know crushes are hard to deal with when they don't work in your favor but rest assured you will find love and happiness.
You are the Guardian of good will and bring happiness to all you encounter.
If you can smile through stuff like this, you can smile through anything.
Keep your head up.
You can tell you have a kind heart.
I know I don't personally know you but you seem like a kind person with a heart of gold I can see it in your eyes.
You've got the strength of this entire subreddit at your back!
If he's the kind of man that would leave you so easily for a friend, then he could've hurt you even more down the road.
Your smile warmed my heart.
it pains me to read what you’re going thru because i can imagine the stress and weight you feel.
just keep your head up and remember one day at a time.
don’t worry about next week or tomorrow, worry about today and what you can do to bring a bit of order and happiness to yourself.
You have a great smile by the way!
I came here to get some compliments, but damn your smile just made my day.
You have an absolutely beautiful smile with such kind eyes; please feel free to message me any moment of the day.
I know you don't feel it now, but one day you'll be so grateful you were freed from that 'man'- you deserve so much better, stay strong, hold on &amp; things will improve &lt;3 Remember, the only constant in life is change, change is coming- &amp; everything is going to be ok - it really is =) So hold your beautiful head up high, &amp; fake it till you make it =)
Its ok hold your head up high and have hope for the future
Such bright, beautiful eyes and your makeup is on point.
You have a sweet smile and beautiful, deep eyes!
You have a have a absolutely lovely sparkle in yours eyes, I feel you a fierce friend as well, and I mean that as the highest compliment.
Maybe not tomorrow, maybe not this week, but someday, you'll be able to see this shit from over your shoulder, and walk away from it, and never look back.
You are lucky the hand of fate swept both of these traitorous, unworthy soul vampires out of your life swiftly and cleanly.
There are loads of people out there who will make you smile and who you will make happy with your friendship and love.
Girl, you got some pretty eyes going on, and a sweet smile to boot.
You’ll wake up some time in the future, warm sun on your skin and the person you love next to you.
Just try to keep your head, push forward, and don't stop fighting.
Your value is more than your work, and you've got battles to face that are legitimate battles, so give yourself credit for getting through those!
You have a lot to be thankful for, are doing a lot of work, and you'll catch up with the rat race.
Keep your head up, it's worth the wait.
The sun on your face, green trees, pretty flowers, birdsong.
Take an hour at a time and smile at the people you see in the street (even if you don’t feel like you can).
You deserve happiness and a life filled with wonder just like all of us do!
You're the kind of person that makes this world better for others because you are so kind.
Don't think about the "chins" you have now.
Think about the chins you lost.
Your eyes and eyebrows look amazing.
Did they refuse because your hair was already perfect?
If your personality is as pleasing as your appearance, you won't be lonely for long.
Wish I had your hair, man.
You have really gorgeous eyes and your skin looks amazing!
If you still face problems and don't find anyone to help you out PM me I could help you.
The fact that you are posting here, shows that you have strength to face adversity.
Your ex is a dick for that backhanded compliment.
Depression is a chronic pain in the ass, so good on you for pushing through.
Then, set some small goals and work your ass off for them.
Your husband is misled to believe that he can find some kind of splice outside of your marriage.
Keep your head up!
You hear a lot of nonsense like "women are attracted to men who don't give a fuck", these kinds of things are half-truths at best.
What she wants is for you be calm, self aware, and then, once she sees you can stand on your own feet and are not intimidated by life (not because your skin is thick, but because your sensitivity allows you to roll with the punches and reason things out fluidly, without getting stuck in negativity), then let her know you like *her*, in no uncertain terms.
"If you don't get your ass back in that lab and ask her out RIGHT FUCKING NOW, I will, so help me god, call you every day *for the rest of your life* randomly between 4 and 6AM, laugh at you and hang up."
Keep you head up, you don’t need to be amazing or please anyone on any given day.
You are still here and you have the support of so many who have been in your shoes.
Here are some pieces I hope you will listen to or read: - [Elkhart Tolle - breaking addiction to negative thinking](- [Byron Katie - The Work](- [Pema Chodron- Getting Unstuck ](I’m sorry there isn’t a better way for an internet stranger to make you know that you are worth so much more than what the voices in your headed home now are telling you.
I hope you come to realize those voices in your head aren’t truth.
Hey, first of all I want to say I have been in your shoes, almost the exact size and shape, and they are the SHITTIEST shoes ever.
But the freedom you get, the general wave of happiness that you're making it on YOUR OWN.
Just live within your means, search for hand-me-down furniture.
Please do not compare yourself to what you see in social media, it is an illusion, no one is going to put up a photo of their messy hair, or that time they got acne, they place perfectly worked pictures.
You are a stupendous badass for fighting your own body and brain every day.
Give yourself permission to be vulnerable and get help, because you do not need to carry the weight of the world on your shoulders.
First and foremost, your ex sounds like an absolute waste of time, energy, and precious carbon which could've been used for somebody who isnt a total fuckwit in the face of controversy.
You go girl, looking good in that dress!
Your smile seems so genuinely happy and the dress you're wearing beautifully matches your positive outlook.
I really like your smile.
Hope you get the chance to smile every day and others can enjoy your smile as well.
Your smile, your dress, the whole way you stand there, you just seem like an awesome and happy girl.
Thats dress is amazing girl 😍 Where'd you get it?
"You look nice today, I really like how you did your hair" "That shirt looks really nice on you" "I love that colour on you it makes you look /bright/happy/etc" There's always something that'll stand out to you that makes you want to comment, so comment on it instead of the blanket "you look nice today".
Gotta keep that chin up and keep striving for yourself and the more you work on feeling better about yourself, the more positivity you will radiate, sucks being alone I know, got pets?
Just gotta keep that chin up, and keep the rig rolling, or just watch a shit load of letterkenny and quote it daily until someone finds it amusing enough that they ask you out, that's how I met my new girlfriend...only worked maybe 10% of the time
Someone in your life secretly thinks you have a really cute butt.
Someone in your life smiles every time they see you.
I hope you find your passions, pursue them, and keep your chin up.
All you have to do is draw a butterfly where you'd normally self-harm, or anywhere else in your body if you feel the need.
But just remember that every storm ends with the sun, every tunnel leads to the other side, every clock will strike midnight— all you have to do is make it to the end; weather the storm, keep walking through that tunnel, keep your eyes on that clock.
We've got your back, bud.
And further, everyone has their preferences - you probably won't be everyone's type, but there's also probably at least one person out there right now dreaming of being in a relationship with someone just like you (yes, even you in the back in the corner pretending like this doesn't apply to you).
Eventually, you WILL find happiness and joy.
Hope that gave you a smile, then at least the humiliation will have been worth it 😉😄
And you’re resilient for fighting back against that voice in your head.
You will emerge from this fire you're going through burnt but stronger, your wounds will heal, and will feel happiness.
Please dont end it now the world has so much joy to offer you l, sweetness, ecstacy, sadness so deep you'll ache to your core and happiness so powerful it will make you forget how it feels to hurt.
Going through the struggles that youre facing now is shaping who you are.
Going through what you're facing now is going to give you a unique perspective on life, and there is someone out there now who needs what you have to offer.
You're young and I wouldn't be surprised if you could qualify for some kind of program that will help pay if you can't afford it or don't have insurance.
It's going to take help and work but when you earn those smiles and good feelings and companions you'll enjoy them a little extra.
In those dark time just hold one sentence to your heart 'they love me'.
If i could reach through my phone to give you an actual hand to hold you up, i would.
If you ever need an ear Im here.
This forces your heart rate to slow.
A cardiopulmonarily constant fact about your body: Your heart rate and breath rate have to stay proportionately linked to keep you alive.
If you want to make this a anti-stress/anxiety sandwich because you are an absolute unit, then close your beautiful eyes while you breath and purposefully think to yourself, "I got this" and "I have the power to work and make things better".
Actually, you're pretty awesome for getting up and going through life with this extra monkey on your back.
The first week or so it can still be a problem, since you have to face your fears/problems, but as time goes by, you start to feel better and mentally stronger, specially in the mornings/evenings.
It is also a chance for you to seek new hobbies and emotions that you don't know you're facing now.
We can tell you *how* we cry, by talking about your tear ducts and it’s relevant connection to your nostrils resulting in runny noses.
Good luck and keep your head high, you’ll get through this.
While you search for a new job, consider also looking for a volunteer position that will give you a way to keep your mind occupied and your soul engaged.
It sounds like you worked your butt off.
From seed to harvest Nicolette is all eyes System starved of solvents Sobriety her target Nicolette is wise in the sunlight The fight is on - no change in course Onward, start the war dances and Raise your lances Tomorrow we head south Nothing wanting Nil by mouth.
Let the chocolate melt in your mouth; close your eyes, act like you're in a commercial for the stuff.
You are a good soul to take on that task and I wish more were like you.
Take gentle care of yourself; stretch for a long while, rub your feet, listen to some feel-good music, get a great meal and better sleep in today.
There's plenty to make you fret down here Beneath our shining atomic sphere Our local star lights triumph and sorrow Will light new worlds for you tomorrow And sister Time, your ally in pain, ushers in romance again and again ----------- Keep your chin up and your eyes pealed; he is out there waiting patient.
Take your time, do stuff to build you back up again.
Take your time to get your head and heart back to the positives.
I’m the product of a loveless marriage and I wish my parents had found the strength you and your ex did to live authentically and find true happiness for themselves.
 Friendly smile, nice haircut...and you are buff!
Don't beat yourself up my g, you are a sharp young cat and your hair looks fly as a mf.
Great smile (smirk) And your hair is incredible.
You have a really sweet smile and it’s clear that you take care of yourself!
And also - you are clearly humble (even if that might be coming from low self esteem atm) and so not arrogant or a total dick which is also attractive.
Even thru your picture I get this heart warming feeling that you are even more than looks, like you'd be the perfect boyfriend except for when you try to steal my fries.
You are totally cute and have such a sweet smile!!!
Keep your head high my friend.
Don't worry about not being able to build muscle, you already look pretty strong and kindness goes a lot further than brawn and your smile shows a lot of kindness.
And then you get new pussy.
Just go for it, and let your worries fall to the back of your mind so you can enjoy it.
It is not for others to externally validate you, you need to figure out how to validate yourself internally to realize you have self worth.
Being comfortable in your own skin is something many people take for granted and the fact that you’ve made it this far is proof enough that you’re worth the effort.
First of all, I would like to congratulate you on realising your gender identity at such a young age; you may not feel this now, but that is an incredible thing to know about yourself- especially since a lot of trans people tend to figure it out in their twenties or in some cases, in their senior years!
Knowing WHO you are is a huge step in your life, and all that's left from here onwards is deciding how you to express yourself to the point where you feel most comfortable in your body.
Secoundly, I know it must suck waiting for these kinds of things, but your parents mean well in doing so.
But don't worry, you don't need to sit around doing nothing until your time to shine comes- in the meantime I would highly recommend continuing to explore your identity, and think about what kind of guy you want to be!
Try on mens clothes, buy new shoes, get a haircut- start becoming the man you've always wanted to be before you even start transitioning.
Life is cruel sometimes, but you gotta kick it in the ass and take what you can get from it.
Also I wouldnt recommend posting on if you're insecure (or any other subs full of shallow people only focusing on appearance) Remember that your own opinion is the only thing that matters here.
“Ugly” is subjective, what is ugly to someone may be drop dead gorgeous to the next guy, all I know is your hair kicks ass, and you look like you’d be fun to hang out with, so fuck em!
You have a lovely smile and your hair rocks
I genuinely love your hair!
but you have such a kind face and look like fun that it shines out of you.
I love your curls!
And you have a cute smile!
Aww, no--you're very cute, and you have one of those faces that only gets better with age.
your hair looks very soft and healthy and you've got a kind face.
Check out if you wanna reduce the frizz a bit and define the curls or get a new haircut but overall don't stress about it man
You just need a haircut and some new clothes.
Like others have said, if you do curly hair right, it's attractive to women.
You seem approachable and kind and I would feel really comfortable talking to you - maybe because of the smile or the lovely curls.
And take care of your lovely hair!
You did the right thing by removing him and you should be proud of yourself for making the decision to cut that kind of toxicity out of your life.
You've been dealt a bad hand of people in your life, but that isn't what defines your worth at the end of the day.
You seem like a positive person with a tender heart.
I heard something recently, “Don’t let someone else be in charge of your happiness.” Essentially this means it’s your life, your happiness, and no one else will care as much about you as you do.
Be gentle with your own heart!
Later, remember that you've got a good head on your shoulders and you will overcome.
Not to be an asshole, but you just gotta get over it.
But remember that this will be a leap that will bring you so, so much more happiness down the line and could save your mental health.
And then be prepared to deal with a hard no from him... a big part of advocating for yourself is figuring out your “plan b” when your “plan a” fails.
If you were having foot pain you’d go to a foot doctor, if you were having stomach pain you’d go to a stomach doctor.
Kudos to you for getting out and around people enough to actually have someone smile at you.
Just start writing, even super small things like having food for the day, having clean water, a roof over your head, maybe a friend or family member that cares about you, things like that.
In the meantime, focus on the things that bring you even the smallest bits of happiness or gratitude.
Memorize the face you see there.
Being everyone’s willing ear can be exhausting, and it sounds like you could use a break.
Point your chin up and bellow defiance into the dark.
Keep your hands away from dangerous things, curl up in bed, and stay safe.
And give work a heads up, hopefully they’ll be understanding as it isn’t your fault.
Keep your chin up, chief.
You seem to be able to carry your own weight by yourself, and are a perfectly capable individual.
That shows that you have a lot of heart and courage.
Try to stay focused on where you’re headed in the big picture, I’ll pray that your family accepts you and loves you for you in the mean time.
You seem like a level headed person who knows what they want to do and what they need to do in order to achieve that.
Also, raise your arms over your hear like you're cheering for a minute or two before the interview (ideally where no one can see you), and it should help dispel the butterflies/gut anxiety long enough to get into the flow of the discussion.
Don't hesitate to look for help if you need some, and take care of yourself, because you 100% deserve happiness and peace of mind
Keep that mother fucking chin up grab your vagina and grab your next interview by the balls and your shitting in tall cotton 💯🔥
Your smile is amazing dude, and really infectious.
You look like you would have a beautiful smile, so keep smiling OP.
Approach the process with open eyes and an open heart, and you’ll find what you need.
The more you think about how amazing things could be, the more expectations you set and the more disappointment you’ll face.
You will find the love of your life I promise, keep your chin up :)
You look great and I hope you find happiness.
You need to keep you head up and remember that you can’t let garbage get you down.
I like the color of your hair!
From the photo, I love the shade of your hair and the shape of your eyebrows.
You seem intelligent by your post and id bet you have a great personality.
 I want to share the best love advice I have received, from a poet named Khalil Gibran: “Love one another, but make not a bond of love: Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls.
Seeking love is not a soulmate audition, but an opportunity to feel the texture of a beautiful soul, and allowing your soul to be lifted and changed by the beautiful people that surround you.
I know how it feels to face constant rejection and defeat, it definitely sucks but just keep telling yourself "if it's meant to be it will be" And if not, well then just enjoy the time you had with them and chalk it up to experience :) If I can find someone you definitely can :D
I love your high cheek bones!
You definitely don't need to lose weight!
Keep your chin up and your eye on your goals.
Even if it's just the warmth of sunlight on your skin.
Wear your heart on your sleeve and be sad when you feel sad.
This is one of those time things about life, and your time will come, but in the meantime just keep your head up.
Remember depending on the kind of interview is what you need to know.
For real though if someone throws rocks at you again I recommend you call the cops on those little shits right then, that kind of thing is unacceptable.
The world is full of good kind accepting people out there, this sub is proof of that, I'm truly sorry that those aren't the type of people in your life at the moment, nobody deserves that type of treatment, trust me when i say this too shall pass and things do get better, stay strong my friend.
I'm sorry you're getting picked on and you have no one to back you up.
Next time someone picks on you tell them and I bet they whip their ass for you.
Tying this back to your situation more directly, something to happen to you is that you are a trans man.
Keep your head up.
You are not a waste of space and absolutely DESERVE love and happiness.
Reach your hand out to someone going through a hard time.
Kudos for coming here to get it off your chest and get some support.
Next time you see a doctor, it might be worth mentioning that you have a hard time gaining weight.
I very much hope that in time you can learn to accept and love your body type too
Life is too short to hate your body in its natural state; all your body wants to do is keep you alive, and it deserves love and appreciation for that.
You’re body is perfect, and you are amazing.
First off work on your personality.
You’re allowed to be okay in your skin, and you’re allowed to ignore the hate or unkind words from others.
If you are truly ashamed of your body or have any desire to change it, that’s also okay, and there are steps you can take to help yourself.
If you're worried about not gaining any weight, try speaking to your doctor
If you gave me my choice of body type, that's the one I'd choose.
There might be some good insight on there to help you figure out why you don’t gain weight when you feel like you’ve been trying.
The fact that you care about and miss him so much shows what kind of person you are.
Also if you still have the chance go for his shoes but make it look like an accident.
Some days you'll just need to find the courage and energy to put one foot in front of the other, but eventually you will get through it!
And, you're going to fall in love again, and you might even have your heart broken again...but the important part is you WILL GET THROUGH THIS!
Make sure you regularly get a good night’s sleep and keep kickin ass.
You don't need to be a body builder, but numbers on a scale mean nothing when it comes to health.
You're going to glow if you treat your body right.
You feel awful and you tell yourself you’ve reached rock bottom, but it’s actually your body fighting to heal.
Be your own happiness.
I'd recommend doing something each day that makes you smile.
Find the joy in your life, and you'll be less bothered by the weight gain.
You're beautiful no matter what your weight is!
For your interview, just be sure to smile a lot, make a frankenstein's monster joke, and the injury could even turn into a reason they hire you!
Here are a few thoughts I'd like to share: -You're proactive -- not only did you file charges after what must have been a very difficult situation (I'm so sorry that happened to you), but you are taking steps to take care of yourself (meds, therapy) and working hard, even through all kinds of life stresses.
Idk what else to say but chin up, you’ve been so strong and you deserve all the happiness to come.
You are a tremendous soul.
See if you can find a way to work around it with an advisor as others have said, but if not, just take a deep breath, figure out your options to keep yourself steady on the plan, and roll on ahead.
Painting, reading, carpentry, weight lifting, crafts, etc., something you can do at your own pace to clear your mind and build yourself as a person.
I don’t know what it’s like to be in your shoes, but you sound incredibly strong to have made it this far.
In stead of replying individually I just wanted to say thank you everyone for your kindness and help.
The people being nasty to you can go suck a dick.
Your face reminds me of a delicious sandwich I once ate.
You raise every day like a toaster in the center of a bright blue ocean, glistening softly as the bats gently flutter past the beauty of your bones.
The hairs on your head are countlessly cute.
Your right foot toenails are nice
Someone else in your life is not key to happiness, that's all inside you.
Keep your head up and one day, things will turn around.
You look beautiful, with your hair, and those eyes are amazing.
Usually I think nose rings look weird, but you look great with them!
You have a very pretty smile!
Your smile is beautiful and you seem so full of joy, I love your hair also!
I think you look naturally gorgeous, I love your hair and I love your smile (that shows both on your lips and your eyes).
Attraction is about much more than just appearance and as you grow older this will become more and more true and you got that part covered.
I can tell you're a warm and caring person from your smile!
😭😭😭😭 your skin is so clear and beautiful!
You have a very warm, approachable face and an endearing smile.
I bet you can rock any outfit and any hair style.
You are not ugly, you are the opposite, very pretty, there is a warmth to you that is a rare thing to find on people, you are head-turning
Plus, your smile makes me think you are a warm hearted person.
Keep your head up and don't be so hard on yourself.
My nails just grew, my hair just healed all of its split ends, and my skin is glowing thanks to viewing your gorgeous photo.
I love your hair!!
You’re lovely and your hair is gorgeous.
Brush your shoulders off and get back on the horse.
Your hair is super cute, and I love your glasses!!
You look like a little like Laura Palmer from Twin Peaks to me like another one of her cousins with different hair and glasses.
That hair cut is slamming on you and I love your glasses.
how is your skin so flawless what
your skin is actually perfect!!
you also have really kind eye and look like you tell really great jokes
I love your eyes!
Your hair I great!
Your beard is awesome!
You put their beards to shame!
Great beard and perfect skin, your face makes me happy :)
Your beard man, it's just perfect.
If you've got that kind of talent, surely you can make something awesome that can be played with one hand!
You are a gift to this earth and your eyebrows are perfect.
your hair is awesome!
you have such a nice smile!
You have such an infectious smile and amazing hair, girl!
You have such gorgeous hair, wowowow.
Keep smiling, it looks amazing on you !
Love the color of your hair!
Your hair is amazing!
And so is your face!
The colors of the crown go very well with your hair and eyes.
I envy your eyeliner skills, it's so symmetric!
But I bet you look handsome with the beard and more weight too.
Your smile is absolutely beautiful!
Your smile is actually cute!
Reminds me of Joy from Red Velvet, it is sweet :) I don't know why someone would say that though your teeth are not even bad so what is ugly about it?
Your nose scrunch is so cute!
You can tell from your smile you're really enjoying yourself.
I have such pathetic beard growth, I'd do anything to have your beard.
I know times can be rough sometimes but you look like you have a good head on your shoulders.
I like your hair, the mix of grey and brown!
I also envy your beard game!
If you’re feeling down try to be positive you got a whole reddit community at your back!
You seem like the kind of guy who waves back when a little kid waves first.
you look A LOT like my dad, so it’s kinda of heartbreaking to know you need compliments, but here are some: I absolutely love your hair 🥰
Hey man, I really like your beard.
As a lanky dude myself, I would kill for your body type.
I think your haircut looks great on you, and I don't see a large forehead at all.
You're beautiful and your smile is bright and lively!
I'm also loving your curls and find myself wishing your picture included more of your hairstyle!
I **love** how your hair dangles over your face!
Love the curls and your hairstyle!
You look so sweet and alive and I love how your tongue pokes out between your teeth!
I can tell just from this pic that you've got the kind of personality where if you came in and came up to the register I'd feel automatically at ease b/c you'd be an island of good vibes in a sea of mad customers TT :D
Your smile radiates happiness in this Moment!
Wowow but like I’d kill to look as cute as you no makeup.
You’re eyes are freaking beautiful, you’re beautiful, you rock your natural beauty girl ❤️
I like your hair and i like your cat.
And it looks like you also have a kick-ass arm tattoo!
You have such a pretty smile!
Your smile is mesmerizing!
You look like the after picture for a skincare line, whitening toothpaste, eye brightening drops and a pet adoption page all rolled into one!
Your hair is amazing!
Your hair is perfect.
I don’t think I’ve said this to another person before but I like your nose.
I don’t know what makes a nose good, but you have a good one :) hope you have a kickass day!
You have some of the prettiest eyes, shape and colour!
you have gorgeous eyes!
As a girl with a pixie cut, I am super jealous of your hair!
This kind of thinking could be adding to your anxiety.
Work on becoming the kind of person that you like, and the right girls will like you for it.
Just natural body chemicals will keep you happier.)
You have a really nice look and smile.
Keep smiling, and good vibes will gravitate to you
Keep on smiling, it’s infectious:) and you look great!
You have the loveliest almond-shaped eyes.
You have a really interesting face, reminds of a young Bjork - lots of expression and curiosity!
Your skin is so nice!
Your face is great!
Don’t judge yourself based on your awesome face.
Your jawline is so beautifully defined and those glasses really suit your face shape and style!
Your smile really does exude happiness :) You are positively glowing in this picture - your crown is also beautiful and I love those flowers!
Your beard and moustache compliment each other perfectly and I love your hair - you also have a very kind smile :)
Your next day at the doctors will be as bright and welcoming as the smile you're giving us today.
You look beautiful and have a very pretty smile though!
Okay on the contrary , have you ever thought that you can make other people's rough day a very smooth one with your pretty smile ?
Your eyes have such a soft expression too, in a relatable and understanding manner.
I really like your smile and eyes and how they both go together to defy whatever fear you’re facing.
Keep smiling love, for you and for us.
You got a really great smile!
You seem like a cool person with a great smile!
Your hair looks really healthy too.
I can say from experience that stark black can look bad if it's not taken care of, but your hair looks gorgeous!
Hey, I hope you're ok. You are really naturally beautiful by the way and also have a very kind smile.
We’re right here to hold your hand.
You are a handsome man with a lovely balance between the fair skin and dark hair and eyes.
I bet those eyes really sparkle when you laugh by the way.
Honestly all I see in your photo is a cool dude who looks like he has a great personality and who is going to do great things.
And you seem like You have a good sense of humor little dark but that’s what kind I have too.
-you’re like gorgeous I’m totes jealous - your eyes just sparkle.
I can just see your beaming smile in your current picture.
All kinds of self harm take amazing amounts of work... the more you can be open the better you will be...
I can see your personality right through my screen!.
You help me not fear weight gain.
Your face is ready for the good times to come around again.
Keep up with your weight loss journey, hardest thing in the world.
Keep your head high!
Goddamn your smile reminds me of all the good times I've had with friends.
You are such a jolly dude I can't help but smile.
Well, at least you have your TVs and consoles.. Having your personal space invaded feels a little uneasy, but at least you’re in the process of heading to a new place.
Your eyes are beautiful!
Your hair and eyes are very pretty!
Keep your chin up life will come together for you soon enough!
You look really handsome and have a warm smile!
My sister survived skin cancer thanks to RNs like you fielding calls and getting patients in.
And your smile and eyebrows are AMAZING
dude you look great and you've got a nice smile!
Your hair looks luxurious as well.
I love your hair!
You look like a really cool, attractive and athletic guy and your hair is GORGEOUS.
Happy you’re looking after yourself and your body 💕
I admire your dedication to giving your best your job, your grit and tenacity despite the health challenges that you face and that makes you a valued and good person in itself.
You have done your best with the circumstances that you faced today.
By going home when your body was telling you to, you prioritized correctly.
Tell your brain that your body is right this time and to quit with the guilt!
There’s nothing wrong with your nose now!
Take care of yourself when your body says you need it!
You got some dope hair!!
You have a really beautiful face, great sense of style, and a way with words.
Your lips are an insanely pretty too.
Your whole face is pretty.
I love your hair and your eyes are so pretty.
Your hair is beautiful.
Okay first of all please tell me what kind of witchcraft you perform on your skin, it's so gorgeous I'm gonna cry
I really like your hair and your nose ring and your choker.
You have some of the prettiest eyes I’ve ever seen.
Your hair is gorgeous!!!!
You are just rocking that orange hair.
Literally the first thing I saw when I woke up, you look beautiful and I love your eyes (◕‿◕✿)
Keep your head up.
Your face is super symmetrical.
oh my gosh, I looked at your face and somehow was reminded of a bright and beautiful sunflower, and then I scrolled down and there was your tshirt.
I see the sun and the heavens reflected in your eyes
It compliments your hairstyle, to be honest.
Your eyes are beautiful and your shirt seems super dope
You have a beautiful smile and wonderful poise.
You're a pretty good looking dude and your awesome glasses and shirt tell me you have kick-ass style too.
Keep your head up and you'll find someone better who appreciates you.
You have a super friendly smile and I love your haircut!!!
your body looks great and you should be nicer to yourself about it because you have nothing to worry about
You have an excellent mouth - it looks like you aren't giving a real smile here, but I'm convinced that your real smile would be dazzling.
You also have nice lips (very kissable imo) and a nice chin.
Keep your head up!
Your sister looks like the kind of person I would want to hang out with, and I never hang out with people.
The shapes of your chin, lips and nose feel like carved out of marble, they're just so pleasant to look at!
Your eyes give me the impression that you're a bit tired and exhausted, but if you've been going through some shit I guess that's no surprise.
Your eyebrows are beautifully shaped; do you do anything with them or are they just that way?
There is so much good going on in your face that I barely know what to look at.
I hope these days will bring some smiles to your face, I think they would suit you perfectly :)
and when you can't, take a shower, clean your teeth, and let the hard times flow past you.
You have a good eye for fashion, maybe you could try being a fashion designer?
You have the most amazingly soulful eyes!
You are legitimately good looking, even with a slightly sad face.
I wish I could provide more, but if any part of your distress comes from your physical appearance, then rest assured.
Your skin is absolutely flawless, I'm in awe.
You’re incredibly handsome and your eyes are mesmerising.
You have a good head on your shoulders and even try to help others when you're not feeling great yourself.
Best of luck and hope you get all the happiness you deserve and then some 😀
You have like crazy good bone structure man, your face is super good looking.
I also dig the earring, you totally pull it off.
You have really pretty eyes!
You have a beautiful face.
(I'm sure you are on the inside, too, but I just happen to be looking at your face.)
I love your features, skin, piercing eyes, but you also look full of love and friendliness.
Your hair looks like it's fkn on-point, also.
Hope your worries and mood don't get in the way of your great smile!
I love your unique style, your glasses and hair style look really good together
You have a very cute face, a cool hair and glasses combo and you're gonna own it!
Very nice... (And by that I mean you and your ear piercing)
- You are photogenic - You have a really cool hat - I see a beautiful, kind soul behind those eyes.
Your eyes hold a thousand words!
You have such pretty eyes!
Don't let the way strangers percieve you get too deep, and just keep your eye out for the people who really see you for who you are.
Once a day or more if you want, go to a mirror and look into your own eyes, and say very sincerely several times, “I love you, &lt;insert your name here&gt;”.
Once you start to love yourself, you become very comfortable in your skin.
It took me a long time (thus why I asked your age) to figure out how to mentally not compare myself to others.
Through time, I’m very comfortable in my own skin and you will get there too.
I took a look at your profile, and I wanted to say you are a stunningly beautiful young woman with a warm smile.
Far more valuable than the skin you are in.
Don’t let yourself get in the way of your happiness.
And people can and will develop feelings for you because you *are* an extremely attractive individual and that's not even counting your personality.
You probably have an A-1 personality and every person you meet would be blessed to have you in their life.
And your lip shape?
this might be really minimal but i really like your hair hahaha :) and what's more, the workplace is definitely a place to hang out and make friends, but that's not the only source of friends you can find!
lovely eyes and i love your style!
you’re absolutely beautiful and your makeup is on point.
you are more than your appearance and you matter.
Your lips are gorgeous, and your eyes and face shape are really well balanced.
And you have them with your eyes and your nose and your face and everything else?
You have beautiful even toned skin, luscious lips, and lovely eyes with lots of space to do art on your eyelids.
You know, you have very pretty eyes.
I think you look great, tbh I'd ditch most of the makeup.
To attract others also you need to feel attractive and good in your body.
You are more than your appearance and your physical body.
I'm sure you have a personality and talents that define you and make you worthy in the eyes of those around you.
I can also guarantee, as someone who constantly compares my appearance to others, people look at you the way you look at them.
I think you are very beautiful and your makeup is stunning.
Your skin is beautiful and I wish I had your brows!!
All those women who get lip fillers are trying to look as gorgeous as you look naturally!
Plus you have amazing makeup skills!
I know what it’s like to not feel at home in your bones, but hang in there.
I think u can see ur warm heart immediately it‘s something about your face that gives of this trustworthy down to earth vibe (god i feel creepy im sorry but I thought about it and kinda felt like it wouldn’t hurt to put it out there) u atleast look like a hEck of a kind person and if anyone really likes u they will see that too.
I don’t know if u really want superficial compliments about the way you look but i honestly wish that you yourself will notice how amazingly beautiful u are I feel so weird saying stuff like this i myself am real bad with getting compliments so I never really give any sending u lots of love and strength so u can start to love yourself most please don’t give up you are so much more than your head tells u
Take it one little step at a time, fam, self love is so fucking hard and we all stumble and feel awful some days, but you've got fight in your eyes, and you're gonna make it.
I’d KILL for your lip shapes and your eyes.
Seriously though, you’re gorgeous, even when you ain’t smiling.
You have the same kind of handsome that he does: good jaw, cheekbones, hair, etc.
you have nice eyes :) everyone struggles.
Not only do you have a kind and handsome face, but also enough gumption to put yourself out there to ask for encouragement when it's needed.
Also, for your question: I personally don’t wear makeup when I workout, exactly because I don’t want to mix sweat and makeup.
I would never work out with makeup on bc it gets sweaty and uncomfortable really quick, and can clog up your pores.
I think a lot of people are in the same boat, just keep your head up man it’ll get better
Just read your question, and I must admit, the people commenting were being dicks for no reason at all.
To answer your question, most people use skin cream to tighten the skin and shrink the pores and face masks to keep clean and laser to hide blemishes and electrolysis to hide hairs Also askwomen are mostly men projecting to their idea of women a la black people Twitter is mostly white people.
You are an incredibly beautiful woman, I love your makeup and hair💘💘😁
You have kind eyes and a sweet smile.
You seem like such a genuine soul!
You look very approachable &amp; kind.
The few freckles you have are very cute.
Also, you have kind eyes.
You have beautiful eyes and gorgeous skin!
You have a wonderful face with classic features!
Your face is beautiful!
Not to mention your skin is in pretty great condition.
Don’t know what gets your self confidence down, but trust me when I say you’ll be popular at bars later in life with a face like that.
Your hair is sublime, your skin is immaculate and your hands look well kept!
Just your run of the mill Botticelli angel face is all.
You have beautiful, kind eyes.
I also really like the wave in your hair.
And your skin looks so healthy and clear.
I for one, am super proud of you for every day you decide to get out of bed and face the day.
We've all unfortunately had bad friends who we are better off without and it doesn't sound like she's been the kind of friend you need!
Also please upload another picture of you smiling and I'm sure you'll look super cool and attractive :) If you can't smile right now that's okay.
You don't have to feel it, just every time you feel down or notice you are not smiling simply smile.
I know the struggle, but tire attractive and worthwhile and I’m so proud of you for being able to admit who you are to yourself - a lot of us spent so long in fear and didn’t have the kind of strength you’ve already shown.
Keep your head up and move forward.
In all seriousness, this photo does a great job of highlighting your eyes.
Also, your hair and glasses are very nice, suit you well :)
I'd say your picture taking is pretty good, even got a pretty sky and cute dog :p I love the colour of your eyes and I just loove your hair 😍
There is no shortage on either side of the heart ache you are feeling.
My best, you kind soul.
I love the shade of your hair.
The photo - adorable dog who seems extremely photogenic from your post and post history, and definitely lots of personality.
Your hair, amazing, you can’t even tell there was a bad bleach job.
Your eyes are *striking* like I can’t even explain.
You are a beautiful person inside and out and i sincerely hope that you take everyone’s (positive) comments here to heart because you offer the world a lot.
You're so pretty and your hair looks great too!
You won this hand.
Your skin is so clear and your hair is beauteous!
Keep your head up and take it a day at a time, and know that if I can do it, YOU CAN DO IT!
You have a very kind looking face and wonderfully bright eyes with eyelashes that others probably can't help but be jealous of :)
Take their opinions to heart but ultimately your choices are yours and shape your future.
They're chubby happy healthy babies who meow constantly and sometimes rub your hand so hard they fall over.
The little joys are forgotten because they’re “dumb” or “meaningless” but it’s really great to look up and appreciate the clouds, or stretch and feel grateful that your body can move, or smile at a stranger and have them smile back for a split second.
Keep awesome OP and keep your chin up!
Kinda late but I love your piercing!
I second that your piercing sits your face and your glasses really do, too.
Not only are your eyes a stunning shade of blue, but from what I can see, they are full of kindness and so much hope despite the adversity they have seen.
You seem like a gentle, kindred soul, like a guy any sane person would like to have a beer and meaningful talk with.
Your hair is gorgeous, btw :)
Don't need any lights in that room because your smile will brighten it up just fine!
You have a kind face, I believe no matter what is going on right now you will get through it.
You are handsome, I like your smile very much.
Your hai is super nice, plus you look like a chill ass dude to hang out with so no worries
I love your hair - you have a very kind face, and your eyes are shining!
Hope you feel better soon, you have a lovely smile ☺️
You look like a kind soul and I’m jealous of your incredible talent with art.
Life is tough sometimes, but I bet you already have all of the tools you need to get through it with your head held high.
Your face is freakin gorgeous.
The soul in your eyes says that you’re tired of whatever is going on.
It seems like you have a kind vibe.
I admire your love for your dog as it is a sign of a warm heart.
You have a kind, sweet smile.
The jawline I've always wanted, you have it.
Your brows restored my faith in humanity
i love your hair!
your eyebrows are freaking killer.
Damn dude you out to make us gay with that smile?
I know self care for men can be hard to find, so here's some ideas: meditate with your favorite incense or candle, write out all your feelings in a journal or email, go find a place that offers a hot towel treatment and get a haircut for that boost of confidence, take a nap, take a hot/long ass shower, go hiking, go lift some weights at the gym, binge watch that shitty cartoon/drama you've seen and thought about watching, or draw out your feelings.
You’re stunning and your skin is absolutely flawless ❤️
i love your brows.
Your brows are incredible, your skin is gorgeous, you have beautiful eyes and incredibly shaped features!
Keep your head up girl!
Your eyebrows are amazing btw.
I love your skin, very beautiful!
Your hair is amazing, your eyebrows are amazing and your skin is amazing.
I love your double nostrils!
Your skin looks so nice oh my god!!!
Your hair is such a lovely color and your eyebrows!!!!!!
Your complexion is beautiful!
I love your hair color as well!
Hon you are absolutely GLOWING, and your hair is absolutely wonderful.
Your skin is flawless and you've got so much color!
I'm super jealous of your complexion!
You have a pretty face.
You have an amazing smile plus such deep eyes and amazingly beautiful.
You have pretty eyes, and I like the shape of your face and your smile.
Keep your head up girl!!!!
I think you have a really sincere smile.
The kind of smile that puts people at ease because they know you are genuinely as happy as your face shows, and they can just go along with it.
omg you got the cutest most plump lips!!
Omg your skin is so rosy and bright!
i love your hair!!
and your eyebrows are done so well!
What a kind and beautiful smile you have.
Your eyes tell me that you are a person who is down to earth and sincere, and someone whom I can easily trust.
you are absolutely stunning with a beautiful smile :)
I personally think your hair looks sick.
You are a decent person, worthy of happiness, friendship, and success.
If there is big stuff you ever need to get off your chest message me, I'm here to listen.
It's a weird feeling but hey, it doesn't have to be like that always and I'm sure with this new age it will be a new chapter for you and I genuinely wish you a lot of happiness and good feelings for this upcoming year!
Happy birthday and I hope you are smiling and enjoying your day today!
A lot of joy in your face!
It's ok to listen to the same song a million times (as long as you're not making others to listen to it, too :-) if that's what it takes to help soothe your soul.
You take a deep breath, and you start to accept a pretty horrible truth - like 90% of the people that seem to have shit figured out are faking it.
Happiness is an ice cream, a su set on the beach, beating your mates at mariokarts.
You say you have no long term goals, but you hate your job, so there's a goal right there: start looking around for a better job, or figure out what you need to move forward.
You are beautiful keep smiling.
If you weren’t here, they’d never experience the happiness that only you can give them.
You have a really life-ful smile in this photo.
Ignore those people, you have a lovely smile and you look so full of energy here :)
The fact that you have a genuine smile makes you even cuter!
Your face is very symmetrical, if someone took a meat cleaver down the center of your skull they'd have matching halves.
You have nice eyebrows and smile
TLDR: Don’t be friends with the negative person Stop berating yourself and making up a story in your head about how unlikeable you are Trust you will find a group of friends, or just one.
You have such a lovely smile and such kind eyes &lt;3
You’re super cute and your eyebrows are PERFECT.
You have heart and are beautiful no matter who you are in the world.
You are absolutely lovely, such an adorable smile.
You have the kind of smile that makes other people smile:) never stop.
Don't waste your time giving your attention to people who try to hurt you, rise, smile and be happy.
Much love and happiness on your life.
I assume you figured out a good way to get that glitter off.
Not at first realizing what sub I was in or what you had written, the way you seem to smile not just with your mouth but with your eyes and all of your face in that picture just instantly gave me a warm and happy feeling.
You look like you radiate happiness and warmth.
Your pretty face shines brighter than your body glitter.
It's very cool that you went out to Pride with a smile on your face, despite what you're dealing with.
Aka your positive aura is so bright it will bring happiness to humanity.
You have a bright smile and you're looking to your future &lt;3
Thank you guys for all of the kind words &lt;3
You didn't even need the body glitter; you're already radiant!
You look ethereal in this photo and you have such a beautiful smile.
It's pretty obvious you have a generous heart.
Your eye makeup is gorgeous and I wish I could do mine like that, your hair is absolutely beautiful and you look glowing!!
Your body is going through a lot of changes right now.
You have a pleasant, friendly looking face.
Smile a lot, nod your head at people to let them know you notice their existence and talk to them in the same cadence, volume, and style that they use with you.
If ye then you are doing a really important job and as a regular hospital patient I thank you from the bottom of my heart :) Also nice hairstyle ;)
You have really nice eyes, and like the earlier poster said, you're doing a really important job.
You have a great head of hair, pretty eyes, and I’m willing to bet a lovely smile when you feel like smiling.
Keep your head up.
This is both a compliment and a genuine question: how did you get your hair to look like that???
I love your hair!!
The first thing I notice in your picture is your big, beautiful eyes.
Your eyes are brilliant and you have a very sweet smile.
Your body will love you for that decision.
Btw I love your hair.
You have really nice hair!
Also your eyes are lovely!
Eyes are one immutable physical characteristic so if your ED has some appearance based triggers I think it’d be helpful to recall that your eyes are the bomb diggity!
I hope you figure out something meaningful you can do while you enjoy your precious moments here in the sunshine.
Hopefully it'll make you smile!
Dude, you have great, white teeth and a killer smile.
I’m sure you have a wonderful smile that lights up the room and makes everybody happy.
Keep your chin up!
I love you flower crown and pink hair!!
Please treat yourself or your body to something you love like a treat or going for a walk in a pretty park.
I love your flower crown and hair!
Also, your eyes are absolutely beautiful!
You have really beautiful eyes and I love your style.
Love your hair, love your face, love your eyes.
I am still waiting for songbirds to fly and land on your shoulder any second now lol.
Your pink hair is gorgeous.
And your choice of accessories is extremely fitting to your appearance.
Your eyes do look weary, but I can't shake the feeling that there is a very peppy, very energetic person behind them, when you're in the right mood.
Your hair is really pretty.
Your hair color and texture is so beautiful :) and I love your flower crown!
Your hair looks so nice!
Your eyes look lovely in this picture
By the way I think your hair looks great
You have a very genuine smile and it could brighten everyone's day!!
You have really pretty hair!!
You have really pretty hair, it looks so soft!
And you have very pretty eyes :)
You have BEAUTIFUL eyes!
And your hair looks super soft.
Take off your head phones, remove yourself from any screen, and just sit for a few moments and breathe.
I mean come on, you have deep brown eyes, long beautiful lashes.
:) And your hair is super healthy dude, not a lot of guys can grow hair like this, and have it so shiny like yours.
Nice to see your 😍 face today!
Keep your chin up brother.
I love your hair!
Your eyes are lovely!
Your eyebrows are killer ❤️
I like your nose and eyebrows.
You just have a nice face.
Also, your eye colour is beautiful!
Your brows look great.
Your brows are so pretty!
I like your glasses and your hair has a really cool messy but not too messy look to it, hope you’re having a great day
:-) Seriously, though, you both have the same smile.
Your eyes have more twinkle to them, though!
Your smile is so pleasant and I love the color of your hair
That hair-do really suits your look and you have an amazing soft smile 😊
You have a really friendly smile.
I love your hair and those excellent glasses!
I sincerely wish the best to you and I know that the future will bring good things your way as long as you have a good attitude :) And your smile lines show that you are a happy person who laughs and smiles a lot, they look very pretty on you!
Also, your makeup is on point.
You have beautiful eyes!
You made an already positive night even better, and your smile made mine even bigger.
Wow, your eyelashes are absolutely beautiful.
Man, i'm super jealous of your cheek bones!
You have great skin and big pretty eyes!
You have very beautiful eyes and your smile warms my heart!
I'd do everything to have your big eyes, your face shape and your curly hair.
I love your long curly hair and your eyes!
Make sure to get enough sleep and listen to your body when you feel “off”.
Heart problems are the thoughest ones, but I believe that you can push through it and find happiness again with someone who truly appreciates you for who you are.
Keep shining bright and keep your head up!
You have such a pretty smile!
Keep rocking that badass thing on your face!
Your eyes are going to dry out.
You look stunning, like your smile though.
You went without the makeup and kept the beautiful, nice!
You have such an awesome and heart warming smile!
Don’t ever feel like you have to paint your face up for anyone.
You do not need makeup.
Why on earth would you wear makeup?!
Your eyes are gorgeous!
You don't need makeup for that and certainly don't depend on it to make you feel good about yourself.
Honey your skin is gorgggg
Your skin is beautiful!☺️
With a face like that you do not need makeup.
Your eyes are that grey-blue the ocean has way out near the horizon.
Your eyebrows are amazing too!
you look lovely :) your smile is absolutely radiant!
I’d turn my head and look at you passing by!
First of all, your round face and soft features are adorable.
Second, your makeup is IMMACULATE.
You did a wonderful job complementing your eyes with shadow and eyeliner, and the highlighter on the nose is bomb!
Maxi dresses always look so chic and you are definitely serving looks &lt;3
It took me a long time to feel comfortable wearing dresses, too :) you look GORG.
You should be confident wearing a dress.
The dress is a perfect fit, your hair is styled like a pro and your smile could cause global warming.
sending u infinite hugs and happiness &lt;3 you are wonderful and deserve all the best things
I remember you posted a picture that showed your eyes and they were beautiful but unfortunately they had tears in them.
I hope one day your eyes can be lit up with joy.
Really liking your hairstyle man, it suits you!
Also, you have a great smile!
Don’t feel like brushing your teeth?
And your hair is a nice color too.
You've got beautiful smiley eyes to match your beautiful smile.
It frames your face very nicely :) Also, those dimples though!
You want her to have strong bones so she can play with her grandkids, energy so she can go out in the world.
I think with makeup it really lets us women play up our favorite or best features and you are going this quite tastefully with your style :)
Obviously they're wrong, it's assorted with everything you already wear including hair color and such and of course it suits you really well (you application is so clean and crisp, I'm jealous) Keep rocking it
Either way, I think makeup is whatever you want it to be.
And it looks absolutely stunning with the shade of your hair that you've chosen.
You have amazing eyes smile and that pink really suits your skin tone
your eyes look beautyfull your glasses fit very well and i like your piercing its cute your dress suits you amazing and your hair makes everything 100 times better you seem like such a kind soul its amazing!
Yoou've picked out some great glasses that really highlight the color of your eyes.
The green is really nice and contrasts well with your red... you look like some kind of superhero trying to pass as a regular person and not really pulling it off but in the best way possible...
Sponge got a Grill where her kitty gets some thrills Weighs herself in the balance to find her copacetic, and chill Little Kitty got the high life Admonish herself for even contemplating strife This is living, and this is all we can be, Taking steps to absorb moments, and opponents, breathlessly Spongegrill dress herself in grey Colour of a brother got led astray But the fray is real, and its yours The infrasonic source we move away from (and towards) Baby got her life mapped out and planned Not like she need a hero, salvation, Some deviation - some blue-capped strapped white man in a higher station Baby knows her bones Knows that she far from, far from home But home is in her sights Enemies arrayed like motherfucking stalagmites But she *cool* So she thread her way through, yeah She thread her way through And kitty-cat is all eyes and wise and knows which way is true Spongegrill is no frills Sits with her tabby by the windowsill The floor is hard and freezing like some ancient painted cave And the local star still sends her Love in awesome cosmic waves -------------------------- Relive the past, the stone that was cast; but you are the music while the music lasts
If you walked past me, my head would swivel!
Hold your head up and try your best to keep doing you.
You have a really gorgeous smile and you’re really beautiful, I hope you have a really good day and a really good life I’m rooting for you
I think you might try for a different shade of eyeshadow to make your eyes pop but love your features.
Your eyes are particularly amazing!
I hope that the worst part of the year is behind you, I hope that great things will start happening from now on, I hope you find millions of reasons to smile, but if you don't, if everything seems to be going the same way I hope yo remember to take a deep breath and keep going, hopefully one day you will look back and see that a big change for the better took place.
I really really like your subtle freckles it makes you look very unique (in a good way 🙂)
You got thoughtfull eyes, a kind face and beutifull hair 😊 I hope you don't mind, but that is quite a interessting looking tatoo.
Whatever she's facing, she will overcome it with you at her side c:
You look like a really cool guy, your smile is contagious!
Someone could envy your face.
You have an adorable smile.
You have really nice teeth!
You have a beautiful smile!
I love your eyes!
I love your hair color and you have an adorable smile :)
You don’t need appearance tips.
I dont know how many people will see this comment, but i wanted to say thank you to you all and tell you that all the nice comments made me smile alot and i feel a little bit better about the selfie i posted.
You're so cute honestly, your smile is so sweet and I love the top (dress??)
You just go out in the sunshine again, have another drink and force every once of joy and happiness you can from it.
You have gorgeous eyes, anyone could just drown in them.
Kind of a weird Compliment: You look like the kind of guy I could sit and laugh with all night.
If I saw you on the street, I’d think you were cool, gorgeous, gainfully employed, beautifully dressed, and wealthy.
Bulimia is a awful affliction, fingers crossed you put it to bed for good.
You could weigh 120 pounds and still be beautiful, so please remember to see yourself through other people's eyes when you are getting down on yourself!
That's some cool jet black hair you have!
Positive change isn't a snap your fingers and it's done kind of thing: it's a lot of small steps and sometimes it takes a while.
Your smile, your hair, and the sweater is fabulous!
You cant be taking all the attention with a such a beautiful fucking face and beard like that.
B. I bet those eyes can be so warm and inviting when you are able to wipe that frown of your face again, I am sure you are a handsome man don't worry about your looks too much okay?
Hi .That's a great beard you got there!
You really look like a dang nice dude - the kind of person I'd be happy to know.
Live in your body and learn to enjoy it.
Live simply, judge nothing, be thankful for the experience (yes, even your pain) and you’ll be rewarded with peace and limitless happiness.
You have a beautiful smile.
Not many would have the courage you do, to go through all that and still have the most beautiful smile on your face.
As you navigate through these tumultuous times, never stop smiling.
Your smile is one that can light up a room.
You are so beautiful and I absolutely love your smile!
You need to surround yourself with people who see your personality and friendship as a treasure.
You have really lovely eyes and really nice hair!
you have such nice eyes!
you have fantastic teeth and really nice eye lashes.
Don't let life-y crap get in the way of your success and happiness.
I can see ability in the look in your eyes.
You look like you have a great personality that shouts greatness.
you look really open and warm, and you have a handsome smile.
Hey man, I know how that can be and it always sucks when it happens, but I like to look at the bright side of things: for your case, I’d say take away that you look like the kind of guy that parents will approve of and I think that is a pretty great trait to have :) Just keep doing what you’re doing man, you’ll eventually find The One.
Try and keep your chin up :)
I can see pain in your eyes, but I can also see your bravery.
You are stunning, and I can only imagine your personality is just as great.
You broke him when he saw your smile.
He wanted to pour his heart out to you, to beg you for just a few minutes of acknowledging his sad existence in your presence.
And I can't wait until you find the one who will be stunned by your smile and walk away *with* you instead.
Idk what kind of wackass standards you have to have to not think someone like you is gorgeous!
Keep your head up bro, they don’t know they are missing out on a man’s man!
First of all- I agree with other posters about your smile!
Tell me your skincare routine because your skin glowing.
But you can now see what she is capable of and your going to be better for it, keep your head up man, and respect yourself enough to know you deserve better than this, and will find it.
I love the colors of the photo (I'm a big fan of orange color) and your smile is gold &lt;3
You are beautiful and your eyes are lovely!
The fact that you're hair is not done is even a bonus, lets the rest of you shine through.
My god your eyes are breathtaking
Your hair is great just like that.
Your eyes are stunning and I am SOOOOO digging your "The People's" eyebrow action (The Rock, Dwayne Johnson from wrestling if you don't know).
You are objectively attractive and your hair looks great.
puppers on shirt, rover and miku on phone, and awesome hair color, i officially deem you as an awesome woman of culture.
You have awsome eyes
Your smile is so warm and inviting, you come across kind in this photo
You are very beatiful with short hair.
I usually have way too much to say, but I'll keep it short: You have the most amazing and infectious smile!
I can't help but smile back at your picture.
Girl you are way to pretty to need to use an app to edit yo face.
You have a beautiful, so please keep smiling.
You are going nail it!
I just want to let ya know you have this entire forum to back you up.
We all go through obstacles in our life (some are more alarming than others) but no one said you had to face them alone.
To the bow in your hair to your perfect skin!
That dress goes perfect with your midnight eyes.
Knock backs are unfortunately a natural part of the journey but its no reflection on you as a person when they happen, sometimes things get overwhelming and to take time for yourself and love yourself is the most important thing you can do when this happens.
also the whole aesthetic of your room is the best thing ever piercings 11/10 photography is so much fun and thats a dope camera.
I dig your who vibe- your room, your clothes, your hair.
Please don't let your head say otherwise.
:3 ok that may have been a bit cheesy, and I don’t want to seem just facial-structure oriented here but you have a very kind and welcoming face.
Keep your head up and don’t let your troubles get you down.
You got rid of some dead-weight person who just couldn't transition to adulthood with you.
You don't need to figure it all out immediately.
Your purpose is going to be what you make of it, and it starts with focusing on you, and figuring out some of those little questions and victories that maybe got left behind when you had "bigger" things to deal with.
I have no doubt you will figure it all out.
Also, that sweatshirt looks great on you and you have beautiful hair.
Don’t harden your heart.
Dude you are rocking that beard!
Dude that beard makes you look like a Brave King or Warrior.
I hope things turn out ok for you, You look like a Viking chieftain with that beard, it's awesome
There's not a single good reason to go behind the back of someone you love and betray them like that.
Your hair looks so pretty :)
Your are beautiful and you deserve happiness.
Keep your chin up love!
You have amazing eyes and just a nice face in general!
I hope this has helped you; I’m going to take a second to tell you that you’re fucking gorgeous and that your eyebrows are perfection ❤️
Keep your head up 👍
Your smile appears awkward.
Try a smile showing your teeth.
Your eyeshadow compliments your blue eyes so well 💕 keep your head up, things will get better 😇
Your skin is flawless and your hair is #goals.
Not only do you look like a major cutie now, but also that smile in the last photo is PRECIOUS.
You seem so much happier about who you are, even with just a little smile.
I hope you keep smiling more into the future and I hope you know how pretty you are.
Your hair has a pretty stellar swoop and your skull shirt is sick.
You're cute as hell, shake em off &amp; keep your head high.
You do not need makeup!
Don't downplay your eye shape and proportions.
I do have to say that you seem like a very kind, caring, loving soul.
Your eyes show warmth and kindness.
You have such depth, I can see it in your eyes.
Your hair and makeup are on point.
You have really kind eyes.
The pink in your hair and eye shadow works so well
you know its a genuine smile when the eyes are also in on it!
You look pretty hygenic with such a smooth skin and a well done beard in that pic!
You have groomed your beard very nicely.
There are def people who see you every day and are too shy or unsure and back up.
I just can’t tell what could be wrong with your nose ?!?
Your face is great.
Your nose is gorgeous and your partner's friend is too self-absorbed to understand that his tastes are not universal.
There is nothing wrong with your nose.
Dont be sad, he just doesn't like your nose, other people will.
I support your happiness, however you find it best :D
You have FLAWLESS bone structure.
Your hair is on point and matches your beard wonderfully!
😊😊 I love your eyes btw!
Nice paints on your hands right there.
What kind of art do you do?
You look beautiful and I absolutely love your hair.
you have such great hair and style, plus the tattoos really look great on you :)
I'll tell you what you look like, though, you look confident, self assured, independent, and self-reliant, based on appearances, at least.
The hair, your skin, the eyes - nothing wrong.
The art on your arms looks great!
Okay so I just viewed some of your art you are really good I don’t have any tats and I’d get that bad ass jellyfish one today... good fucking work man.
You look like the kind of guy that if I heard you were single, I'd think to myself, "Fuck, if \*he\* can't get a girl, what chance do I have?
Your smile is amazing!
Love your hair style!
Hold your head high this is going be your year!
Your good vibes are contagious, thanks for putting a smile on my face today 😊❤
you look great and i hope you kick this year's ass!
Thanks for feasting my eyes with your image
Your smile is radiant and your curls are on point af.
You have such a sweet face.
I love your tats and your beard, and I get you'd be awesome you have a beer with.
Thanks for sharing your smile with us!
Your naked face is great.
You have SUCH pretty eyes ❤️❤️❤️
Raise your head high and charge forward to a great year ahead!
Your skin looks so smooth and silky!
You have such a kind face x
Any struggles you’ve faced in the past have only made you look wiser.
Don’t feel like that, you have the eyes of Megan Fox and a model like face!
Your face glows tbh.
I hope that this year, you have that confidence you need and that less body dysmorphia because all I see is a great things!
also your hair is super cool
Which aspect of your body do you struggle with?
As the last thing you should ever be doing is questioning any part of your body.
You have the most beautiful eyes and supermodel bone structure
You have such full, kissable lips!
With your appearance you probably already are, but if you wanted to you could totally make it as a model.
Your freckles are perfect.
Your brows are so striking and complement your hair perfectly.
You have a sweet face and sick tats.
Damn girl your eyebrows are fierce!
You have the face of an angel!
Everything about your face is absolutely perfect, each one of your feature compliments the other ones beautifully.
Your eyes are phenomenal, like a window into your soul.
You have some of the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen.
You have beautiful eyes with so much soul.
Your eyebrows are on point too.
I love your eyes and your smile.
Wow, your hair and how your face is like wow, you are beyond pretty!
You're extremely attractive and you have really beautiful eyes.
And your skin is so flawless!
You have really nice eyes :)
Your eyes give a warm and calm feeling.
And your nose bridge * - *
Your skin looks amazing and I love your eyebrows so much.
Lovin the little swirly swirl of your hair!
Obviously you're not the obese kid, you look fit and healthy, with great hair.
You have very nice full lips plus gorgeous eyes!
Cool beauty mark under your lip : o
Thank you floating heart hands!!
You have kind and beautiful eyes, your smile is radiant, your hair is like the fire of dawn... you are exquisite.
You have the loveliest softest smile!
There is an electric light in your eyes but also a kindness, the kind that draws a person in because you make them feel safe.
You look like a kind soul who'd have no trouble making friends.
You have beautiful eyes and really good makeup skills!
Sooo jealous of your lips haha!
But if you ever need a friendly ear to bend, feel free to hit me up sometime.
Your 'friend' letting you down on the face of it isn't nice but there may be good reason.
You are clearly very attractive with especially beautiful eyes that would certainly entice me into wanting to know you.
You have perfect lips and hair, I love the colour of them a lot!
You have wonderful eyes
I’m SO jealous of your long gorgeous hair!
Definitely not ugly 😘 You look terrific and the smile is great!
The beard looks well taken care of, and you rock the glasses.
Before anything else, you’re a person and regardless of what your body dysmorphia says you look like you are capable of love, respect and living life to the fullest.
I'm jealous of your beard.
Keep your head high and take care of yourself :)
With a beard and friendly eyes like yours, you can do anything!
Like if I saw you on the street I'd be like "Dang that girl is pretty I really wish I had her eyes."
Where did you get your glasses from i‘ve been looking for this kind for ages
You did an outstanding job on your hair!
I’m jealous that you can cut your own hair so well!
Great cut for your face, love the makeup, and you’re stunning!
Your hair is beautiful and you look like a very warm, caring person &lt;3
Keep putting yourself out there and try to stay positive; people will respond well to you, and hopefully that'll help you build yourself back up in your head &lt;3
you have such a lovely smile seeing that last picture at the bottom made me smile :) You seem like a dude who would take care of everyone and make sure everyone’s doing good.
I tried to imagine which half of your face was the better half, but I just couldn't do it.
Your hair, your eyes, your dress all on point!
Hold your head high and rock it!
We got your back, no shortage of wise and caring people in the world.
If you eat less than you burn, or burn more than you eat, then you won’t gain weight, be reassured.
those glasses also suit your face shape nicely (:
You look like a really sweet guy and your hair is miles better than mine!
so sweet, you have very pretty eyes and your eyebrows accentuate them so well!
Many people at your age pick on others for having acne but the joke is on them because it will calm down and go away.
Their insecurities may last the rest of their life but your acne will not :) Being that age sucks regardless, so my advice would be to be unapologetically yourself and find people who accept and love you for that, and surround yourself with them.
Your smile is contagious
Your beautiful soul shines through your eyes.
Your hair looks so soft, if that's possible to tell from a picture.
You have no need to compare your body with any other, you’re beautiful now!
You have an amazing figure.
And any man would be lucky as hell to have you on their arm.
keep your head up sweet girl.
your eyes are so warm, you have such a sweet aura.
I think your hairstyle is great and your eyes have such a nice shape
you have a bone structure to DIE FOR and i'm envious of your eyebrows.
you look like the kind of guy i'd see across the street and think to myself: huh.
You are so pretty :) you have nice teeth and a beautiful smile also I love your hair xx
Hey bro lookin good , way to rock what you got ; if anyone gives you shit for your facial hair brush em off cause my patchy face over here wishing
you're really pretty, i love your lips and i think your glasses fit your face quite well!
also love the shirt, i'm sure that you have a wonderful sense of humor to go along with it :)
You have very pretty lips &lt;3 I wish mine could be as full as yours!!
Beatiful smile and your hair is styling!
Hold your head high!
I love your hair!
Focus on your happiness and the rest will come to you.
Beauty is not skin deep, and you opening up and asking for some reaffirmation is entirely healthy and a sign of a bright person.
Remember to follow your heart and don't mistake wasabi for guacamole.
You do not look like a man-- you simply have a square face.
And you have an amazing figure!
You have nice facial features and you have a kind smile!
I only find it hard not to love your smile
I love your hair and everything about you is absolutely adorable 🥺
I love your smile and hair!
If losing weight was a goal, you should take pride in the fact that you stuck it out and did everything it took to get to where you are now.
I love the color, and your eyes are *stunning* by the way.
Saw your other posts and wow your hair is great lol
You are beautiful and your smile says a lot about the lovely and funny person you seem to be !
You have perfect teeth 😁
You have such a perfect smile!
I LOVE your eye brows!!!!
You have a perfect face and the kindest deepest eyes I've ever seen.
You look amazing and your smile brought some joy to my day!
I don't know why, but to me, you have a very kind face!
Your eyes look warm and inviting and your smile seems kind and gentle.
Congrats on your weight loss.
Dylan has one of those faces where you can tell he is a kind soul, he’s got a lovely smile and I wish him all the best.
You have such friendly eyes, I bet you have some great stories to tell.
Your smile emits a good vibe, like you are a generally nice person
You have kind eyes :)
You are super cute, and have a great smile.
I’m especially loving your hair
Like the dress and the hair and hope you do well in your occupations you do
Your head is very symmetrical
The size of your eyes, the shape of your nose, your mouth, the way you look like you're about to say "what?"
( sorry for the unmade bed ) Y’ALL ARE STUNNING MF PEOPLE BTW 🥰❤️ keep your head up pls 😤
I love you hair!
I love your hair❣️🥺 you’re gorgeous.
I'm feeling great now after seeing your amazing smile 😊
You look like you have a very comedic and funny personality
So many of us have your back and sincerely care about ourselves and each other.
But your smile makes me feel good about tomorrow!
You have really great eyebrows.
You’re a handsome dude with a good head on your shoulders.
I’m so sorry you went through but but so happy that you’re out and on a path to happiness!
This picture looks great and I hope you find more happiness soon 💜
Your hair and dress look so nice!
You are rockin’ that red dress &amp; matching lipstick!
Keep your head up I hope you feel better soon!
Your makeup looks great!
Hold your head high and charge forward!
You’re very handsome and you have a happy contagious smile!
You gotta smile that can warm up people even in the snow
Beautiful blue eyes, I'm sure your dream partner is just around the corner.
I love your hair, eyes, and freckles 😍
You seem really pretty and I like your haircut!
Hold your head high and do the best you can do Every dream job is a long journey but the rewards are out of this world.
I think your shoulders are just right!
Your smile is lovely!
Good lord, you pull off a nose ring really well!
Your eyes and your lips are absolutely gorgeous &lt;3
You are very beautiful and have very beautiful eyes.
Ngl you look like you're wearing makeup with like a natural look.
Your eyes already pop bc they're such a beautiful color but your eyelashes are dark.
You don't need makeup and whoever said that you're ugly must not have eyes.
I been in your exact same shoes.
Just power through and put on a good face when you have to and take any little moment you can have to yourself to try to recharge.
Hold your head high thru the storm.
you have gorgeous gorgeous hair girl!
You have the prettiest blue eyes I may have ever seen!
Your eyes are the most gorgeous colour honestly
You got the best eyes dude!
&amp;#x200B; Also your cleavage is giving elvira a run for her money.... eye make up is spot on too.
Just know that you have survived 100% of your bad days and can and will continue to kick ass everyday.
Your body will change soon enough, I promise.
Don't feel so down people can be horrible..and misunderstanding..if anything you have really nice hair I love the curls.Please try to stay positive!
You have really nice bone structure and well pro-portioned features.
Also, really like your hair; looks luscious and perfectly tousled.
You have a memorable, kind face with good hair and eyebrows and you're gonna do fine.
First of all, congratulations on your new baby, that's something you'd be proud of yourself :) Secondly, you're beautiful, look at your beautiful eyes, your cute nose.. that hair!
The pregnancy did great with your cleavage!
I haven't been in your shoes but I've read that husbands also feel difficult to adapt to the new baby as it's a huge change in a couple's life..
You have a nice smile!
That is a lovely coat and you look like a very cozy person :) I love your smile and your eyes are positively shining!
You have very kind eyes :)
You have the kindest eyes 😍
i’m going to add onto that you have very very nice bone structure.
keep your head up!
you're so cute and i love your hair.
Wouldnt be where you are if u hadnt got a thing that Made you beautiful in somebodies eyes.
Your friends are just being assholes.
Should clarify: my friends didn’t call me a creep, they just submitted a group photo of us (with consent) to a ‘would you date me’ type thread, general consensus was ‘I’d date you if you ditch the ugly creep with the beard’ as it sorta turned into a roast on me quickly.
you have a perfect doll face, i’m so jealous!
You have a great smile and gorgeous hair!
your freckles are so cute!
also your hair is lovely, both the color and styling!
Love your hair style and your eyes are beatiful.
You seem to have a good sense of humor!
You have breath in your lungs, and a body that works.
All our bodies age, but your mindset is ageless.
Love your hair so much!
That's a beautiful dress and you look great!
With the rose in your hair and that dress you are a vision of a beautiful 1940's glamour gal.❤️🌹
Girl your hair is fantastic!
Dress or pants or whatever you are wearing: you can rock that shit.
Good for you for getting up and dressing up.
The dress and the flower in your (awesome) hair make you look absolutely adorable!
Also, I don't think your smile is creepy at all, I think this is a great photo!
Keep smiling, you have a great smile.
You are super cute and the new haircut looks great
Try not to let work get in your head especially during such trying times in your life.
Keep that beautiful smile on your face and conquer the world one day at a time &lt;3
For you are the one you have to face!
Hold your head high and rock on!
You look absolutely gorgeous, from any angle, with any hairstyle, with and without makeup.
Your hair is incredible!
i like your hair.
i could compliment you face and body all day long.
plus i love your hair.
and your nose is beautiful.
You are looking great today!keep smiling and dont let fools get you down!
I legit didn’t notice anything special about your nose.
You just have such a vibrant smile.
I don't think you need a nose job.
Your face looks beautiful as is :)
And I think your nose suits your face and isn't big at all.
You definitely do not need a nose job, your nose is fine
I got a big nose too don’t worry we breath better Your nose doesn’t look big btw
Honestly, whoever told you that you have a big nose, is probably jealous of how adorable af you are 😂❤Seriously.
Don't let the ramblings of some asshole get you down.
Your nose is maybe the tiniest bit bigger than normal, but I think you're pretty.
just because one persons opinion of you is ridiculous I 1000% would not recommend getting a nose job.
You have a perfectly lovely nose.
Wipe that shit off of your shoe and walk the fuck on until you get somebody who loves you for you, and doesn't try to make you fit their idea of how their girlfriend should be.
I love your hair!
Your hair is awesome!
Sorry you are feeling down, keep your head up!
Love your hair and eyes.
But you must be from Bermuda cause I'm LOST in your eyes.
To be honest you have gorgeous eyes if you don't mind me saying?
I so love how your eyes slant like that.
Nice hair :) I like your sense of fashion too
You’re beautiful, I love your makeup and you have a natural radiance that gives me nature vibes :) I hope things get better for you soon &lt;3
Your hair style looks great on you.
And your makeup really makes your eyes pop.
And your hair is so cute???
The universe has your back.
You have the kind of looks that will be attractive for a lifetime.
You have glowy skin, nice teeth and smile and are thin.
Thank you for your kind words
 Bro your beard looks awesome, I really want to have a beard like yours.
But you got that sweet ass beard and you look like you're pretty fit.
Your teeth are literally perfect like **HOW**
And you have great teeth, let them show!
You have a handsome face and lovely eyes that show your kind spirit.
You’re really pretty and your eye color is gorgeous.
Your eyes are your best asset and the glasses reflect that.
Keep your head held high and smile...
I love your hair!
Good evening mate, I don't see any problem with your body, to be honest I think the proportions are great.
You look classy, your face reminds me of that smart leader that does all the work when it is supposed to be done by a group of 4.
Most importantly you don't have to worry about being a virgin, that's ok, I can understand that you would like to experience a sexual intercourse but good things come to those who wait.
Try to smile often, this will make you more attractive and confident.
You are such a beautiful young lady and I can see that you have so much joy in your heart and such a huge smile!!
You literally look like my favorite Snapchat filter with the glasses and freckles.
I also have body dysmorphia so I won’t go on and on about how crazy you are for not seeing all that you are.
Keep your head up and keep moving forward 💕
You look much younger than your age and loved that piercing!
It’s not the best thing, to smile through your depression trust me I know.
You should face it and try to over come.
Your hair is legit fire.
Take it back and enjoy your beautiful soul and self!
I like the way your laugh lines frame your smile.
If you're in the wedding party...let your sister decide....if you're not, you can either do what you like...do you what you know she likes...or let your sister decide.....lol I know that sounds silly...but its her day...she may want pics a certain way...so do what you can as her bro to help her out....I dressed up in a whole medieval get-up for my sister's wedding because she was having a medieval/fantasy based thing...do what will make her happy
You’re beautiful and I love your look, keep your chin up and keep getting through all this mess.
You have amazing brows, and your hair is lovely!
Your face and smile gives off a very warm and friendly vibe.
Piercings are perfect, and I love your hair!
I'm sure everything else we cant see looks just as good as your face.
I like your hair.
Dont be down- That purple hair fits you so well!
Focus on what makes your Soul sing and it will attract a great partner for you!
I wish I was as brave as you are to pull off that fabulous hair!
Two advices from one that had his fair share of luck, including jackpot - listen good and dare to use your eyes.
Your worth is indempendent of him recognizing it, dump his butt!
You shouldn’t ever have to beg someone for affection and kindness, honey.
Your winged eyeliner is amazing.
Your hair, makeup, and skin are all amazing.
22F I’ll be your new boyfriend (kidding) but for real girl don’t compare yourself to others and if he’s choosing to keep his eyes off the prize then it’s time to kick him to the curb Btw you’re freaking beautiful and I love your aesthetic, but I wanted to give advice before my compliment ✌🏼
You have a Mona Lisa smile and it is charming.
You have the greatest smile!
My heart skipped a beat when I saw your perfect smile
You have such a gorgeous smile!
Your eyes are so lovely
Your smile made me smile!!
Your smile is contagious!
You have a wonderful smile
Kid that smile can light up any room you enter.
Your hair and makeup are super pretty.
You have beautiful eyes!
Wow, you have amazing eyes!
You arent worthless at all, I was in your shoes not so long ago myself lol.
The momentum from the bravery it took just for you to get your foot in the door is going to carry you far and everything will fall in line with that.
Statistics can be a tricky subject, especially when it comes to wrapping your head around probability problems.
You look like the kind of person someone could go to when they’re feeling down to instantly be cheered up.
You’ve got a fun vibe and friendly face, and your hair is so beautiful!
Your hair looks so cool!
I love that your glasses have bigger lenses, but thinner frames, makes those gorgeous eyes pop even more!
Beautiful smile, and I'm so in love with your hair style and color😍.
All of your kind words are making this time of my life hurt a little bit less and I greatly appreciate that.
I love your hair omg :D
You have such nice eyes holy shit.
Girl you looked cute FOR YOU (and all of us who get to see your lovely face on Reddit).
Your hair is so long and beautiful!
:) And eyeliner is a quick and easy way to make your eyes pop!
You have caring eyes and a cute bird.
You have beautiful eyes, and awesome makeup skills!
Your eyes are gorgeous!
You have such kind eyes.
Thankyou for your kind thoughts.
I absolutely loovee your makeup!
\*picks jaw up from ground\* your eyes are breathtakingly blue!
And not to let yourself freak out that you put tin foil on your head metaphorically.
Your beard is elite!!
love your beard (flowers too) and the whole outfit.
Your beard and outfit are slamming!
As a dude who's beard grow like an abandoned baseball field, you truly look awesome!
That dress looks awesome on you and congrats on your recovery you're extremely strong and beautiful!
I love your hair btw!
:) Thank you for your authenticity, kindness, and care for this community.
Btw you have really pretty eyes like damn
Your are beautiful I love your shirt was my favorite childhood tv show keep your head up it gets better
Love your smile and your eyebrows are on point!
Yours is a beast, and yet you still choose to smile such a beautiful smile.
I love your hair color!
You got great skin, you still putting on a smile, girl you are victorious!
I love the way you do your makeup, your eyes really pop.
If you move a little to the left, you will have the light line up with the top of your head.
From then on, you must carry the light on top of your head at all times because at that point, you will have realized how cool and elegant you are.
That smile is as radiant as the sun that's in your description :) I hope you're better during this time and know that you deserve kindness as well as happiness :) thanks for sharing the picture!
I bet you have a wonderful warm personality as well, you just look like a kind, Beautiful young woman!
Your happiness shines through and you are adorable.
You have lovely hair!
Your hair looks really lovely today and those glases fit you super cutely :3
Your makeup is on fleek, you are beautiful and unique.
The colo is incredible and go with your eyes.
Your makeup looks great.
Your nose has this amazing button look that makes you look unique.
Your lips match your eyes, and overall your face is gorgeous.
Dude I’m twice your age and your fitness is inspiring me to get off my pudgy ass.
You have beautiful eyes and your hair looks really great.
Your features are lovely and that hair is cute.
You have a really pretty face, beautiful eyes and lips (such a great shape!
You probably rock lipstick), and I think the light streaks in your hair look cool.
Maybe they were trying to get under your skin.
your makeup is stellar, i love your curls, and you have a really kind face :) my parents are recently divorced, and just know that you’re doing the right things and your kids love you.
You have such kind eyes 🤗
Your complexion is really nice as well.
i LOVE your curls!
Your eyes are enchanting.
And your hair is amazing.
What I will say though is you have excellent bone structure, like excellent, a very natural smile and your face has that kind of innate beauty that gives you a high floor no matter how little you do to get ready.
If you don't play an instrument you should, those fingers go on for days.
Your skin is amazing!
Keep your chin up and those lips red 💄💋
In all honesty your body looks great, you definitely appear to be quite fit from what I can tell from this pic.
If it helps keep your chin up, you are beautiful.
But when I looked at you you’re puffy eyes were a mere afterthought.
Your eyes are actually perfect.
It absolutely sucks lol You have fantastic hair and seem like a wonderful person to be around!
This is kinda weirdly specific but an elegant, refined, aristocratic-looking nose like yours is something I personally find extremely attractive, especially paired with high cheekbones like you have.
Basically you have the facial structure I can only dream of having lmao, but anyway, you’re absolutely stunning in every way beyond just nose and cheekbones, they just caught my eye first.
You clearly understand the way your body works as a composition in a photo and it shows.
You have an incredibly unique face!
You nailed the expression too.
You have such deep soulful eyes.
Something about you draws me in, especially the no-makeup.
Glad to see your maintaining them impeccable eyebrows despite the quarantine!
Your face is literally model material tho
And your eyes are mesmerizing and I could stare into them all day.
Your outfit and makeup make your eyes pop even more.
Your eyes are amazing
You look good!Adore your hair haha
Keep smiling, it's a beautiful one and you should be proud about it &lt;3
You have a beautiful face.
And your head is perfectly shaped.
You have a really lovely head and face, I'm really not seeing what anyone would make fun of about it.
Also your hair looks so soft and healthy!
Your face is super cute!
nah you damn sexy 👀 plus a cute face 😇 love the tattoo too
I really like the color of your beard.
Your hair looks fun to run ones fingers through.
I love your eyes and smile!
I'd probably pick makeup because it really makes your eyes pop.
Congratulations on the weight loss, it takes a lot of motivation to work towards a healthier lifestyle so I hope that you're very proud of your success.
I lost 10kg once and did not feel any different whatsoever but everyone was commenting about my weight loss, so i totally understand how you feel.
Your skin is perfectly clear, i'd honestly go bareface often if i were you.
Your humble view on yourself would indicate you have a great personality as well.
Keep your head up you got this.
Your jawline is to die for 💗
this photo gives off such good vibes, plus your makeup is so pretty.
You are absolutely gorgeous, and those red hair are damn attractive too ;)
You have beautiful eyes, and nose, and lips, and jaw.
Your hair is beautiful!
Your smile is incredible!
You have a cute face, wonderful smile and incredible hair!
You and your beard go out there and kick ass you gonna get a new job no worries
You have a lovely smile ❤️
i’m obsessed with your hair you’re gorgeous!
Sarcasm apart, You are pretty, you have alluring eyes and a good sense in fashion.
Boi, you gotta such a fuckin beautiful face my guy.
I wish i had your beard, dammit.
Your hair and cheekbones are STUNNING and I love the ink on the shoulder!
Your face seems like you’re fierce-kind.
Like if your friend says something bad about herself you probably get in her face and tell her to knock it off.
Your smile is super pretty, like seeing it ended up making me smile!
Plus your hair is amazing
you have great hair and you seem really sweet!
Your smile is awesome and I bet your laugh is incredible!
Love your hair, eyes, lips, and teeth!
i love how neat your shirt and beard are - i wish i looked so well put together
I would be beyond happy if I looked half as decent as you without makeup.
I'm crossing my fingers that the next 5593 days will be filled with happiness and that your beautiful eyes light up; you deserve it, you kind soul.
They crackle with an electrical energy which could start hearts pumping (or stop them if you preferred).
I don't think you look awful at all, your skin is amazing and radiant and I can imagine you light up the room once you laugh!
Congrats, you look positively beaming and you radiate a real warmth that fills my heart with happiness.
I'm not usually a fan of anything but OtterBox cases, but your case looks so cool, and looks like it fits your personality, and great smile :)
You look super healthy and have a nice glow in addition to a beautiful smile.
Your bangs are goals 😭😭😭😭 also I am in LOVE with your nose
And if you can't, we'll always be here to give you a helping hand in lifting yourself up.
Omg your hair, your makeup, your style, everything!!
You don’t have to force yourself to put on a brave face right now.
I love your hair.
Your hair, absolutely stunning, makeup, perfect, and you in general, an absolute beauty.
I’ve never seen that hair color combo before, you look smashing!
I know that appearance isn’t always an accurate way to gauge personality, but something about how your picture looks makes me think that you’re really friendly and warm towards the people that know you.
chin up, honey, because you deserve happiness!
having a low self esteem is really difficult – but i hope you find your happiness soon!
But tbh your body wasn’t bad before either.
Congratulations on your weight loss!
Great outfit to show off your fabulous legs as well as your pretty face.
It’s amazing what dressing up and putting on some makeup can do for your mood ☺️
I'm sure that if you smile you look stunning.
And I must say you have some of the most dazzling eyes I've ever seen
Love the light blue color of that sweater, and more so since it matches your eyes.
Goes great with your beautiful blonde hair!
Don’t let anyone determine your value other than that gorgeous smile.
We have your back and if you feel female, you are female.
Keep your chin up, sweetheart.
You have a wonderful smile!!
You can rock any kind of outfit with that perfect body.
How do you lose weight in quarantine?
You are well dressed an you look very groomed
You have awesome hair....wish I could do something with mine lol
The people of would welcome you with open arms
Adorable features and your makeup suits them well.
Your smile is infectious!
aw :( one day this will be all over and you could smile like that again, though speaking of smiles!
you have such a lovely smile and such a kind face!
There's a Snapchat filter to give you freckles.... Because they're adorable and so are you 😍.
You have such an amazing smile!
Your smile has got me 😍
Your face is fine.
Don’t let the haters drag you down, anyone exceptional will always attract jealousy, just focus on being your incredible self and you will attract other shining souls.
My favorite part has to be the piercings and your hair.
Your hair is gorgeous as well.
First of all, it takes a lot to pull off that hair colour and I think you suit it to so well!
You have beautiful skin and such a unique look.
I love your hair so much!
I’ve wanted to go forest green for a while, your hair looks so cool i might actually do it :))
Forget every experience you've ever had, forget your skin, your muscles, skeleton, lungs, heart, brain... What is left of you?
It means we get to see your shining face more :D
Btw, your skin looks so smooth and soft.
You’ve got a great smile, your hair it gorgeous, and you have amazingggg hips.
And your eyebrows are as spicy as ever ;) Congrats though for sticking through it and having that dedication.
Love the tattoos and that hair style suits your face well.
I hope you start to see how incredible your progress was and embrace your body!
Beautiful in both pictures but the impact of your weight loss is very noticeable and impressive!
I understand the feeling of losing a considerable amount of weight but not thinking you look any different.
And you obviously have a loving family so congrats to all that =) Tho if you can't see the clear-to-all progress you've made, you might want to get your eyes checked 0_0 (Those glasses are cute btw) Keep livin the good life!
Healthy and happy, your soul screams in the new picture.
You rock your look you look so great and I wish I could achieve something as difficult as weight loss is!!
Your hair is gorgeous
your eyes are beautiful
Your hair is pretty, and you have a cute smile - own your looks!
Love what your doing with your hair!
You can't be here, because your smile is so authentic I am automatically smiling back.
Even thinking of your smile makes me smile.
You have good features that work with your face shape.
I adore your smile!
self-image is hard, listen to what your soul says because brains are mean, that's why you struggle.
also, you have beautiful eyes and flawless hair!
Why would you even need makeup?
You've got perfect skin, pretty eyes, beautiful lips and curly hair that frames your cute face prefectly.
You have a gorgeous face and I am super jealous of your eye brow structure.
I'm sure you are even more stunning with a true smile on your face and I really hope the future brings you genuine smiles and happiness.
!💗💗 Your face is beautiful and your arms are really nice too.
Makes me jealous that you can rock the haircut like that.
You seem kinda relaxed, and I get a feel that you got a great sense of humor.
The sweep is perfect, what i meant at the beginning is, most people can't perfect a style of beard, and most people can't rock a sweep like that with your hair.
Your smile is absolutely radiant!
(And we have matching nose rings, iconic) I’m sorry your day was rough, I hope you feel better 💛
I think you look great even without makeup :) I hope you have fun !
The colors in your hair really make your eyes dynamic and deep.
That hair tho you're killing it like you look amazing
I love your hair it is so cool, so many colours!
And your eyes are awesome!
Those golden carpenter ants don’t compare to your beautiful eyes.
You're a beautiful lady, but only you can convince yourself to be comfortable with your body and looks.
You have beautiful, soulful eyes and I know you will get through this.
Your shoulders are so broad, clothes look really good on you.
You have a kind face
I really like your eyes
Even if you didn't lost any weight, you are good enough.
Second, your weight doesn’t determine whether you’re good enough or not- that’s just a lie made up by society.
You were good enough before you started losing weight.
Weight does not have anything to do with your worth.
Eyes that aren't wandering in your direction are stupid eyes, you've got the kind of beauty that has its own gravity!
Feeling can come and go, but the light that shines from your eyes is bright and wonderful.
I guess I'll just flat out say it: you are so beautiful, it makes my heart hurt.
You're gorgeous love your eyes and you freckles 😍
You face is classically beautiful and lovely but your style is very modern and the juxtaposition is awesome to me.
You also have a nice hot figure.
Change is a great way to break a rut or move to the next part of your life and hair colour is just one way you can do that.
It gives you an opportunity to reinvent yourself and come up with a new style that suits your hair colour right now.
You're gorgeous I love your eyes and your whole face 😍
Seriously, the geometry of your face is stunning.
You put yourself out there, knowing that you face possible judgement.
I really like your eyes 🥰
You look like a really friendly guy with a great smile!
You have lovely eyes.
your smile is amazing!!
your skin is gorgeous!
Seriously - hot boots and a amazing dress - you look great!
Unrelated but where did you get that dress?
love the mix of your neon shirt and eyeshadow with the black leather jacket and fishnets, really makes everything pop so much more
It makes your eyes sparkle, and it really brings attention to your kind face!
I hope that during this time you can start to heal and feel some happiness.
You are throwing off just buckets of confidence, my back got straighter just from being in the splash zone.
You have amazing eyelashes, and look like one of those amazing people that everyone loves to have around because they have an great sense of humour and love to make others laugh and feel good about themselves.
You have nice eyes and well styled hair.
Very pretty, especially loving that piercing, and the best part is you just look so genuine!
You’re Mam needs to get her eyes tested as your definitely not fat!
You are beautiful, love your eyes!
The combination of colors between your eyes and your hair is so beautiful.
You are absolutely stunning and your hair is beautiful.
You have excellent fashion sense, and you could skin a deer with that jawline.
You’re pretty and I especially like your blue eyes
You have amazing eyebrows and your nose ring is really cute!
Love your hair and smile!
Love your smile and your eyes!
They really suit your face
Sometimes gaining weight is a good thing, don’t stress too much either because you look pretty young, you’ll grow into your body.
Gaining weight rn is completely normal and healthy and you look completely fine doing it :)
You are at a perfectly acceptable weight, nothing to worry about :)
Write down what your professor said and how it made you feel, put that paper in the shoebox at the back of your closet, and in 10 years, pull it back out and laugh at that arrogant, sexist teacher’s face.
You do have a nice smile, love your tattoo!
Can't say if it's the eyes, the smile, or just the entire package that puts you on the top of the world, nowhere near a doormat.
Your eyes look opalescent in this picture.
I love your hair, you look like a green fairy goddess 💚
You have an absolutely gorgeous smile!
Your hair really goes well with your eyes
You are a handsome man and despite how you are feeling I can see hope in your eyes and in your smile.
You went from trying to figure out how you fit in to rocking some killer confidence!
your eyes are very cute, your hair is beautiful
You are so cute pretty hair framing a beautiful face highlighted by sparking eyes and your gleaming smile
You don’t need to worry about your complexion or curls, it’s all beautiful.
You deserve happiness same as everyone else!
You have big beautiful eyes and gorgeous lips, you have a perfect skin tone, a killer top, and your hair is amazing.
What you should do is go to and maybe you’ll see how amazing your hair is
Sorry to hear you’re having such a rough time but, you got up today, you made an effort, you look stunning in your photo and you have awesome vintage dress taste.
Thanks for helping us have a brighter day with your positivity and amazing smile!
I think you have beautiful eyes, a great smile, and a wonderful figure!
If I were to point out my top 3 favorite things about your face I would say this: 1) your eyes seem to have a very caring look to them, overall your whole face actually.
2) your face shape and your hair very much compliment each other, at least in my opinion.
You have a very nice smile too, it goes along with what I said about your eyes.
Bonus points if your resting face is a smile cause that's awesome but of course happy smiles of completely welcome as well.
But to answer your question, the only comment I could make about this picture: Your bangs are resting in between your eyebrows in a way that might give some the impression of a unibrow, which might make some people feel weird about this specific picture.
For the record, I sincerely love your eyebrows, and I really do think you’re pretty, in case I’ve made that unclear.
You could just say "I made a gif because I want compliments on my ass" 🤷‍♀️
You look so incredibly charming, and from what I’ve seen you seem to have a great sense of humor.
You have amazing eyes and your haircut suits you very much!!
This post genuinely made me smile, thank you
You look like you're a lot of fun to be around and I bet you have the prettiest smile too!
your face is like incredible !
sorry if that sounds weird, i’m just mad jealous of your face shape and features n such
I see beautiful dark hair, amazing skin, eyebrows to die for, your eyes are stunning, your freckles are the perfect amount for your face and those little dimple...I can’t.
Your smile is very sweet and I think you have great teeth.
You have a great smile dude
you look great, and don't worry about the small things, when i was about 13 my ears looked like i was dumbo the elephant (i had a very small face) and now it's ok, also no one would notice any of that if you didn't tell us.
You're really cute - angelic, curly hair, warm eyes, pretty face and the skirt / top combo is pretty hot - as is your body!
Also your makeup looks awesome.
When my brother was a little boy he had a lazy eye like you and my mom and dad covered his good eye with a patch and gave them video games to play to make the lazy a stronger it worked Sorry about you being in your funk today just rest a sure it’s not always going to feel like this and all the negativity that goes on in your head if you want to see it in your head just don’t let it come out of your mouth so your ears can hear it This was a very brave thing that you did most of the people that read this they don’t have the minerals to do it you did congratulations it’s going to be OK
Looks to me like nothing’s gonna stop you from dressing fly as fuck.
You have a beautiful profile, cute button nose, you rock that eyeliner and I love your eyes!
And your hairstyle is super cool!
You are vibrant and your face reflects your personality and character.
(You can find it free online at Gutenberg.org) Finally, a thought from a middle-aged woman: You are very pretty now and have the kind of face that stays pretty as you age.
The glow that comes from being ok with who you are and from cultivating your natural empathy and caring for those around you will do more for your looks than any face cream, braces, facelift, or makeup.
That kind of pretty already shows in your face.
i love your smile!
you also have like perfect eyebrows.
I like your hair!
Your hair is gorgeous and I really love that dress.
Well, if it's any consolation, you have very nice teeth and a beautiful smile!
You have such a genuine, friendly smile!
Wow, your eyes are stunning.
I love your dress, and that jewelry looks so cool, I’d love a closer look at it!!
Your eyebrows are also on-point??
Your looking good man I especially like your hair brighten up the picture with a smile and I am sure you'd look great in any picture.
so incredibly beautiful, silky hair, flawless skin, and sultry eyes, 1940's iconic pinup look with an impeccable 2020 sense of style, girl, you are the total package!
You really have such a nice smile and aura.
What happens to your weight/body as a result will happen.
Damn you got one cute nose fr fr
Regardless of what you do, I hope you smile as you usually do.
You have really beautiful eyes
You look great as you are, but it's good to hear that you're working on losing weight too.
I could look at your eyes for the rest of my life
Also you be lookin like a bad ass bitch
You have great skin and really really nice lips.
Your eyes are absolutely amazing!
You have gorgeous eyes.
Your hair looks great and you're very pretty.
Your eyes are absolutely captivating.
🥺♥️ I’m so proud of you and I really hope you enjoy these dresses, because they both look amazing on you!
You have amazing hair and sense of style as shown by this selfie.
You have such beautiful hair.
You carry yourself with such grace and I can only imagine behind those eyes are stories that go on forever.
You're cute af, digging hard on your hair and you're just shooting out confidence beams all over the place.
What you see on Instagram and the magazines is all face tune and photoshop so I wouldn’t worry too much.
Your eyes are such a lovely shade of blue :) nothing wrong with acne scars!
but holy Jesus your eyes are amazing.
I love the icyblue in your eyes!
You will smile and be happy again and it will outshine any lingering blemishes.
A word of caution, please be careful with your weight.
Let it heal and in the mean time you have the most beautiful eyes to match that pretty blonde hair 💛
Your eyes are like Sapphires
Luckily the acne can’t ruin those diamonds you call eyes
your eyes are amazing, i’m jealous
Less of a compliment (though you do have really beautiful eyes!)
Edit: just making sure you are doing well health wise, I remember losing a bunch of weight really quickly but I was actually really sick and it was kind of scary.
I’m a med student and losing that much weight in such a short period of time isn’t normal, please be careful with that and if you lost the weight unintentionally please see a doctor as soon as possible.
Great beard, suits you sir.
Man oh man do you have bedroom eyes and then some!
Also you have lovely skin and great eyebrows.
You look like a handsome yet rugged war correspondent who breaks all the rules and hearts!
You have an amazing smile!
You are cute, and your nose too.
If your nose have been diffrent, your soul don’t be like now.
Your hair, your eyes, that beard, those arms ugh you’re just great
You have very pretty eyes 🥰
You are absolutely beautiful, you should hold your head high!
You have great eyes and AMAZING hair!
Your eyes are absolutely breathtaking.
Your hair and outfit!
Honestly, right now you have my ideal body type.
Try to ignore that little nagging voice in your head because you are beautiful just the way you are.
(Also, putting on weight or not, you look amazing)
That dress looks amazing on you, and you have a brilliant smile.
You have a wonderful smile, and you can make it through this.
Keep that smile on your face lady !
Your hair is gorgeous and I love your freckles!
Whatever sadness you have perhaps is heavy on your soul, but your body remains healthy, beautiful, and young waiting for you to get better so you can continue this beautiful adventure we call life.
You have a beautiful smile and hair though so there is your weapon against anxiety hehe.
Your smile is so very contagious.
Strikingly handsome, and you have very kind eyes.
Not sure if that makes sense, but your eyes comfort me in a sense - they reveal your charisma and generosity.
You look like you’re a really kind and wholesome person with a big heart.
Where to start... You have great facial hair, your hair style is amazing, I love your glasses, you have a nice face, and also youre a strong person with dreams and ideals that make you who you are, which is a great person.
You look like the kind of guy who you just wanna hug because you give of really lovely vibes, I am so sorry for your loss and I wish you the best.
Also your beard is really cool :)
You have gorgeous hair and your eyes are absolutely stunning!
I'm hope your skin feel better soon, I know that can hurt.
looking good man,really wish a suit would fit me that good,also like that hairstyle,looking like you took care to look awesome for this photo,have a nice day!
No way, you have a great smile.
Your eyes are soft, smiley, and welcoming.
You have a lovely smile.
I know this has been said already, but your eyes are STUNNING.
Your hair looks great!!
You're quite handsome and your haircut is really well done :)
Keep your head up queen 👑🖤
The only think that looks as great as your beautiful hair are your eyes.
This smile you got here..
I love how your hair color and your eye color go together so well!
And you have such a sweet smile, this is such a beautiful picture
Your eyes, hair, and freckles are stunning!
That hair, those cheek bones, your smile!!!
It's amazing that you can do your own hair.
You look super nice and have adorable freckles!
Oh my gosh, your eyes are stunning!
Love your freckles and the color of that headwrap is perfect for you!
You have such a kind and patient smile 😊
Jesus christ your eyes are outrageous!
All I will say is that your skin is very clear, so congratulations to you on that, whatever your age may be
I love your hairstyle, it’s so textured and looks so thick and healthy!
Your hair, and that leather jacket suits you well, but I bet you can rock anything you decide to put on.
and you look super adorable in your head wrap :)
This is not about how others feel about how you look on the outside- it's about how you feel and about who you are and whether or not you have confidence in your own skin.
If it's about your confidence with what you see in the mirror, then connect with who you are (you are amazing) and bettering the world around you and the man in the mirror smiles back.
Nothing beats the wind in your hair, especially when you got some length to it.
Your beard is also amazing...
Your makeup is on point.
Your eyebrows are amazing.
You have gorgeous eyes, and your flat belly shows how much work you've put in.
You have the perfect face shape for this haircut!!!
I really like your hair, man.
You look incredible exactly how you are 😍 perfect figure
Your hair ist nice, but your eye make up ist stunning, girl!
You're stunning, so keep your head held high, and keep moving forwards
Look into your heart.
Plus you have an incredible beard!
It's a tough time that is for sure, it looks like you got a pretty good partner in crime though and a beautiful smile to match.
I love your hair color!
It really compliments your eyes.
I love overalls, I'm a little too over weight to wear them, and too self conscious to try, but you look great.
I LOVE your hair color!
Putting the curls on the ends of your braids is such a cute touch!!!
I love how the green and white colors really highlight your hair color, it all looks amazing
I adore your hair.
I looove your hairstyle!!!!
And the green color of the body matches your hair so well!
I'm prepared for simp comments Your hair is a really cool shade of red, and it's pretty cool!
I love your hair it’s such a pretty color!
First of all, love your eyes!!!
You also have perfect lips.
You have such an awesome jawline!
Sister might be "pretty" but everyone's eyes are on you wherever you go coz you have that magnetic aura!
I love your look, hair and everything!
If you like coloring your hair like that, you should continue to do so.
i love your hair color and your glasses!
Is she super conservative, so doesn’t believe in being expressive with your appearance?
I promise you’re beautiful, and wish you so much happiness.
I love your hair and your makeup💘❤️
Hold strong and I read your comment about wanting to dye your hair emerald green, that’s awesome!
Wow you have such fiery red hair!
You have amazing eyes!
I can tell you right now that you look adorable in this selfie and looks like you've painted your nails.
your eyes are great!
You're cute and I your hair looks really soft!
Also, I love how your hair color compliments your eyes.
That's in your head and in your past.
You were born for that hair color!
your complexion is glowing and gorgeous!
I love your eyes
Your eyes are so pretty and your lips are so nice.
Your hair looks amazing!
Pulling a silly face to distract from how good looking you are won't work on me, I see the stud!
You have an attractive face to go with it as well!
Stress is a total jagoff, but you are clearly on the road to absolutely annihilating it with your muscles of well balanced emotional maturity.
I'm digging your facial hair in particular
You got one nice smile and a kickass taste in sunglasses.
Your eyes are gorgeous, too!
You have amazing skin gurll
Girl you've nailed everything ❤️ Have to trust you that's a dress though lol
Anyway, thank you for your kindness.
Something about your face is so comforting and genuine
Your eyes are beautiful that's for sure
You have beautiful eyes.
When I look at your face I see someone who is kind, that’s something I always hope for — for others to see kindness when they look at me.
You have nice eyes with or without filters
You have nice eyes and a cute smile.
You do have a very nice smile!
Give us more pics of your hair!!
I can tell from your eyes you're a strong person.
Oh damn, your eyeliner is fuckin awesome!
Try to smile..... you got this!
Your hair is perfection
I love your hair and your lips.
I don't usually care about eyebrows, but your eyebrows look perfect on your face
So, I'll just repeat the important bits: Your hair is amazeballs, your skin is flawless, your eyes are intensely awesome... yadda yadda yadda, you look great, ok?
You look like you're holding a secret behind the smile.
You’ve got a fantastic smile, red lipstick is DEFINITELY your color, and it’s all gonna be better soon.
Both of you have these wonderful, dark, big eyes and that gorgeous smile!
your nose is amazing!!!
actually, your whole face is, so jot that down.
you also have such a warm smile!
you are super cute tho, nice hair and pretty face
I bet all your friends are jealous of that hair!
I think you look so much younger with the beard!!
Change can be good, this new look really suits you and it makes it easier to see how lovely your eyes are
You really look like an angel with your golden, curly hair!
You have such a radiant smile!!!
And I adore your hairstyle!
Your nose is so beautiful what?!?
You grow such a great beard!
And your eyes really shine without the glasses
You have such beautiful hair ohmyGOD!
You have really nice eyes.
Your eyebrows are nice too.
Your hair is gorgeous!
I adore your hair!
I hope you find your smile today, if you look like a goddess when you are down then you must be 🔥🔥when you smile.
Your hair is wild, you should keep it like that!!
You look super cute I really like your eyes
Also I love your eyes!
You just have to remind yourself everyday that you are beautiful and your cheeks and the shape of your face are amazing the way they are.
Really glad to hear you're on the up again, best of luck on your weight recovery journey as it sure as heck mustn't be easy!
Here's to hoping, if it isn't too intrusive, we get to see you smash this recovery out of the park :) Boiling down to compliments, your facial features are absolutely exquisite- I'll especially focus on what I can see with minimal makeup.
Huge fan of your hair, it looks incredibly healthy and is a fantastic natural colour.
Your lips are absolutely voluptuous and would be the envy of many a lass, I'd warrant.
And your nose, just wow.
Really jealous of your fantastic nose, if you hadn't noticed.
The battle with ED will probably be long and hard, but hopefully you can remember that no matter your weight, these gorgeous features of yours will remain and continue to earn the envy of those around you :)
You definitely look like someone that has a wicked sense of humor.
You really have a cute face shape!
And I’m not just talking about your hair or lips that came straight off of a model, but I’m also talking about the beautiful woman that is within you.
You have so many features that are stunning, both in looks and personality.
You have a great face shape.
Beautiful 😍❤️ you have a wonderful smile and love your eyes 😍❤️
You have a gorgeous smile and you look fun!
You have a very cute face, the shape of your cheeks plays a huge role in that.
You look really cute and well groomed, piercings are awesome
:) I really like the color of your hair!
You both look awesome; when people's smiles reach their eyes it really makes their faces light up.
Congrats on the weight loss, you look fantastic!
Congrats on the weight loss, you look beautiful!
Lady you are gorgeous and your figure is perfection!
You look amazing, I love your smile!
That's a great look for you... excellent job on your lashes, that and the hair color make your eyes look amazing!
Your hair is very lovely, as is your skin tone.
Your face, is perfectly suited to you, and is pleasant to look at.
😀 And your eyes are beautiful.
You are really frickin pretty; your eyes and lips are so gorgeous!
That’s such a great photo and you have such a friendly face.
the place looks just like paradise and you look like a really nice guy,that kind smile tells it all,i hope you'll find someone to go with,there's still enough time,wishing you the best!
Hope you find happiness.
You got dope tattoos, a roof over your head, and nice hair.
Your nails are dope, you are still alive and still being rad.
You've got a wonderful sense of fashion and your hair looks great!
Your smile is contagious!
You're really good looking and you look really friendly, the kind of face that makes me wanna be your friend irl.
You have the type of smile that's really cute, but comfortable and approachable.
Your eyes are beautiful.
You do have a gorgeous smile and face!
You have such lovely hands.
Your long fingers look very elegant.
You have a really cool look going on and beautiful hair, you look great honestly.
That smile on your face too is just lovely to see
Your makeup is inspiring.
Your hair is majestic af
Love your eyes and smile too 😊
Your makeup is GOALS 😍 So beautiful xxx
Girl your lashes and your brows - gorgeous!
And your dimples are beautiful!
You have an incredible photogenic face, you look good!
You have beautiful eyes!
That haircut and colour suits you so well!
I love your Style, you know how to look amazing :) Also you’ve got a stunning face, georgeous Eyes, a great Sense how to draw attention to those Assets too!
Your makeup, your piercings, your dress.
Just remember your body isn’t all you are.
Like, like kiss you on the forehead and under-the-chin snuggles cute!
Don’t let assholes ruin your progress.
Chin up if you can.
Your eye makeup is KILLING me getitgirlll let’s go on a picnic 💜
Well sir, you dress very fancy and look like some big shot!
Your eyebrows are fierce!
You have great features and the kind of looks that will just keep getting better with age.
Your eyes are so pretty!
You have such a cute smile!!!
But you have an even better smile!!!!!!
I love your hair cut hun❤❤
Love your eyes btw
Your hair looks great.
Keep your eyes up.
I love your nose.
your smile only makes you even more beautiful
You don't look old if that's what you're insinuating but I love the beard!
Hun you are rocking that look hard core you look absolutely amazing I don't care what anybody else says if someone is putting you down that just means you're not their type and they just be hating keep your chin up and positive vibes
You have a pretty face, nice hair, and good skin.
Your hair is so cute omg, you're beautiful!!
Your eyes are pretty, and it appears you have a decent-sized car.
I *love* your face!
Your makeup is flawless and you are super cute!.
Hey man I know it can seem hard but if you really want to try to change yourself maybe grow your hair out?
Trim/(pluck) your eyebrows and either grow out a full beard if you can or shave fully.
Although your eyes look sad, I think they're beautiful.
Your soul radiates through your eyes and smile.
You have a nice eye color and also I bet you have a great personality :)
You could try rocking a beard
💜 you’re doing just fine, friend ;) some of us grow into our bodies over the years and some of us peak in high school... Be glad you haven’t peaked yet because it means there’s still adventure up ahead.
I like your eyebrows 😊
I am sorry you feel so down I hope you keep your smiles
I love your hair!
Love life the real way , you are an attractive guy and make a beautiful girl , what matters is your inner happiness.... god bless you
I love your haircolor it goes so well with your eyes!
You look truly happy and your eyes are bright.
you can truly see the growth and confidence in your eyes now.
You look awesome and super nice, hope your day is going well, always keep your head up.
I think your smile is wonderful!
I also love the polka dots and your hair is so beautiful!
You're absolutely beautiful and your smile makes me smile in turn.
But not only your physique, your gentle, graceful curves, but your clear healthy skin tone.
Your eyes are bright and lively, even in the shadows.
Your smile is lovely and warm.
I bet you would absolutely kill them with a smile.
I looove your eyebrows
You have the prettiest hands and eyes!
Beautiful eyebrows and little nose, You look great!
You have such a pretty face.
I'm nobody's style guru, but since you asked, your face does look a bit... sideways.
This can be easily corrected by rotating your face about 90 degrees clockwise from your perspective.
You have a beautiful smile
I love your hair and lips are actually goals \^-\^ Keep it up
You just give off loyalty vibes and come off as the kind of friend we all need sis :)
Even if you have loose skin, so what?
Keep your head up!
That dress really shows off your amazing shape.
I hope you find happiness again soon.
You seem like a person with a tender heart.
Sure sure, face like that you don't want to flash around willy-nilly.
I love your hair 😁
They are a wonderful place for the soul but you dont have to have them to make yourself better.
Focus on the inner you and try something new to keep your body and mind growing.
Keep your chin up and don't give up (: Make it a great night.
I love your hair and smile🥺 never stop smiling please:p
Your perfect eyebrows, apple cheeks, straight nose, and that HAIR!
Also you have a really cute smile k thx bye.
You have very sweet soulful eyes.
If you were cast in a movie, I feel like your eyes would get an academy award.
You should love those freckles!
You have such a cute face!!
Your lips are gorgeous, cute little nose, beautiful eyes.
That top is amazing and your hair and skin are GOALS
Also I hope it’s notI too weird but I love the shape of your eyes
I love your smile 🥰
I’m obsessed with your hair!
And also your glasses fit your face shape so well (:
You may not be with someone now, but that's only because compatibility takes time to find, and you have a lot of incredible qualities that deserve like in kind.
You have super beautiful eyes.
I’m obsessed with your hair, it’s stunning.
Also you have such a kind, sweet face
I can easily say it is his loss though because you have a warm and friendly smile that I think says a lot of positivity about you as a person.
i REALLY like your hair!!
The lip and eye and nose structure deadass make you look like a hemsworth brother
Your smile is so adorable, and you fashion sense is so soft and sweet it fits you perfectly.
I love your hair too, the waves are so cooooool
You seem like such a sweet, genuine person, and your smile, sense of fashion, and overall cuteness are absolutely on point!
I love your hair, and your outfit!
You are so adorable and your makeup is really nice.
You're crushing it in that outfit, loving your hair and those earrings are to cute!
I've seen a few pics you've posted &amp; I always think you have stunning eyes!
And your skin is GORGEOUS, you're glowing here.
Your face looks so cute omg
Your skin and hair color comb accentuates your delicate features and cheekbones!
You look great 👍🏻your makeup compliments your face and I like your eyes.
You deserve to feel confident babe you are amazing inside and out 🤍 love your hair 😍 x
You're a beautiful woman, I love your nose and your eyes look sincere.
Your eyes are gorgeous and your hair suits you so well!
In a haiku Your amazing eyes A smile that hides a surprise The beauty inside
Love your body for what it is and learn to be your own best friend.
Your eyes throw some major Brad Pitt vibes!
how incredible that your body has created two human lives- if anything, that accentuates your beauty.
I absolutely love your smile and the shirt is amazing too!
Keep your head up king
Your hair is also lovely, yes.
And your "weight" is stupid, you've got curves and a beautiful face!
That right there is a glowing smile, thank you for sharing it!
You're mega-pretty, that top looks fantastic on you, and your hair is a dream.
Your eyes are the umbra of an alien moon, that my eyes strain to see.
Your lips are the petals of a foreign flower first smelled by a wandering stranger in distant lands full of wonder.
Your hair, shock white, is the strands of time and history, waiting to be woven into a saga of love.
The dress is lovely and you wear it well.
You have a pretty smile.
Wow the sunlight shines on your face beautifully, like a art piece.
You look really beautiful I love the dress and your hair plus that smile really makes the picture amazing❣
You have the world ar your finger tips.
Your makeup is really nice.
Cat your self healing spell for the soul.
:P I really like your eyebrows.
The style really brings out your eyes.
Love your hair 😍
They suit your face so well!
What made you want to get blonde hair?
The struggle between never wanting to look away from your luminous eyes and trying to read the facts is a real one.
I love the tattoos on your arm!
And I really like your hair!
And your eyebrows are perfect!
You have a great smile!
You have a nice smile!
And your hair is awesome too!
You look great, such a cute smile, nice awsome hair!
I love your hair!
35 no way young miss, you have such a lovely young face , i say early 20's also lovely smile &lt;3
You look like exactly my type- great smile, dark hair, and very cute glasses 🤓
You're really pretty and I love your eyes!
If you go through this thread, you will see all kinds of people with the same issues.
you look like a positive person, if it's a hidden face then not good, but if you are positive that's great, if your putting on a happiness mask then don't, someone will come to you im sure!
Uhh just get that outta your head and do you and just enjoy yourself.
You have amazing eyes, an adorable nose that suits your face, and a big cute smile.
Your eyes are so pretty.
Hey, to be blunt; you have an exceptional face!
Try this: First don't hide your neck!
It shrinks the Background and makes your face look bigger.
Relax, you have well shaprd eyes, a good sized nose and your jawline is coming through.
Show off the neckline, and give the camera a little bit of your smile.
You have a good set of hair too!
Practice taking selfies, relax your face.
You have a great complexion and look very good.
Again.. just relax, show your neck, don't force the face too much.
Your mom is a selfless loving provider....and then contracted ’rona and beat it....and now has broke her foot.
U look cuddly, hot and cool and that dress looks lovely on you 🖤
Your hair is so pretty and it looks really long, I envy you.
And your legs look so long.
so pretty and such a stunning makeup look, you channel Lana vibes so well :)
I hope your day is as beautiful as your smile 😊
Also your freckles are ADORABLE.
Huge step forward and even though I dont know you I couldnt be happier for you or smile more for you.
You are worthy of happiness and love.
I love your hair and glasses so much!
And even though life still comes at me sideways, i take it head on.. love your body, love your mind and keep pushing to better yourself as a person and be who you want to be in life...You got this :)
Your smile is so nice!
you look cool- and more importantly- radiate kindness!
I really love your skin 💙
I love your skin😊
Your skin is very nice!
Damn I wish you were in my area 😘 And don't let assholes get you down!
Add to that, your bone structure is amazing!
I honestly think your skin looks really dope dude!!
I don’t see anything different about your skin.
I'm totally in love with your skin &lt;3
I love your eyes and your skin is unique and beautiful.
It is true, there are some unique physical traits that aren't the most aesthetic, but you are blessed with the kind that is gorgeous &amp; striking.
You have beautiful skin
I love your long hair too.
Oh and you have a beautiful smile
I think you're a very handsome man and your skin just makes you unique to boot.
I love your curls!
Love that your eyes are smiling too.
You're very handsome, keep your chin up!
Your tooooooo cute to be down, just keep you head up and someone will admire your confidence and swag, cause you got it!!
Dots under your eyes look pretty good.
You look like you can kick any situation’s ass and keep on kicking.
Smile every now and then it brings charm to your beauty.
Also, heck but you have nice eyebrows
Looks like a spider among the flowers on your arm.
You don’t even like your jaw and chin?
Seems like your body is build in a nice way because your shoulders seem quite wide.
Also the bone structure and actually just the overal structure of your face seems really really good.
You look strong and healthy and you have a handsome face.
You are really beautiful, I like your hair, glasses, eyes, the shape of your face, pretty mucho everything about you.
It isn’t bad to ask for one, sometimes people see things in us that we don’t see in ourselves, like how flowy and amazing your hair looks
Grab that WD40 off your shelf and spray the next rude person in the face with it
Keeping smiling and your angelic eyes will brighten people’s days.
You have such a kind and understanding vibe (:
Absolutely in love with your eyes
The combination of your eyes and lovely hair make me feel I can relax when I’m around you.
It's so easy to get lost in the color of your eyes, and your smile is kind and contagious :).
Your hair alone would catch the eyes of many - it's so beautifully long and its wave patterns are the perfect balance of straight and curly.
Toss in your friendly smile and that awesome pattern on your top, and people would have a hard time looking away from you.
Love the red curls and the way you do your makeup.
You could do laps in those dimples.
Your eyes are so vivid and pretty, so peaceful.
Also your hair color is beautiful as well.
You’re lovely - you have kind eyes and a nice smile.
Your eye color is really cool!
I like your dimples!
Beautiful 😍 you have an amazing smile 😁😊😍
Your hair is the colour of cinnamon, it's just lovely.
I think you have beautiful eyes and your nose is really cute :)
You have beautiful lips and eyes, and the bullies were completely unfair (as they often are).
You have gorgeous eyes, a beautiful smile, and and fantastic hair.
You look great fantastic eyes
Your eyes are very kind looking
You have very calming eyes :)
It’s easy to see you have a great face.
You have really pretty eyes and a nice complexion and nice lips too
Love the smile and your hair!
You are the kind of girl I'm afraid to talk to on the street
People who say you are ugly have the ugliest souls.
Not only do you look beautiful, but your soul shines.
You have a nice smile.
What a smile you got, wow!
You have a gorgeous smile, and your eyes are super warm and welcoming, they make me wanna hug you :)
You look great, love the hair!
You’ve got a warm smile and very kind eyes and I hope you have a really good day
🎂 I love your smile
Let us see your smile on that cute face next time!
is that your real hair color?
Your skin is flawless!
Happy Birthday, your hair looks great !
Technically an adult but still feel like I'm still figuring out "adulting" I gotta say your ginger hair and green eyes are drop dead gorgeous girl!
On one hand, I’m so so proud of you for tackling that fear; and on the other, I’m slightly afraid of you :P Seriously though, congrats on that.
You have really nice hair and eyes!!
AND you look great in your post without makeup too.
Keep your chin up sweetie 💪, you’ll find someone who’s the right fit.
You look beautiful, great eyes, smile and hair!
Keep your head up, keep your smile showing and take it one day at a time.
I love your eyes and your smile!
Vodaa will def give you pink cheeks but it looks good on you and so does that dimple!!
Keep your chin up, there are plenty of folks out there that’d love to date ya
Omfg your smile is so adorable 😍😍😍
And despite how bad things could be right now, just keep your head up, think about things that are positive in your life, and constantly remind yourself of those!
I see crinkle cut fries and you in this pic but my eyes dart to you first!
your glasses are adorable and white really brings out how pretty your eyes (and hair) are!
Your hair really complements your eyes!
..and you look like a natural beauty :p love the hair and the nose ring &lt;3
Keep your chin up and keep moving forward!
You have a beautiful long neck, deep eyes and luscious lips.
I don’t know you, but I’m still proud &amp; joyful that you were successful in your fight Also I’m super jealous of those perfect eyebrows 😭 Have a great day sweetie!
You are incredibly pretty and I love your hair!
I know its hard as hell right now, keep your head held high and take it 1 day at a time.
I really thought you were Megan Fox at first glance scrolling by, but I hope you feel better and put that gorgeous smile of yours to use.
You have such a beautiful smile!
You have very kind looking eyes and your glasses really suit your face x
your hair and eyes are so pretty!
Also you look amazing, and you are rocking that hairstyle!
Your nose is so cute and your lips are so voluptuous and your eyes!
And scars are badass, also your piercings are awesome!
Tidy up your beard brah, you can't have hair that well kept and not have the beard to match.
a lil thing on your neck?
I wish you the best and that you keep smiling, that smile is too pretty to not be seen.
Your hair looks like it's fire.
Your eyes are just gorgeous!
Keep your chin up.
I think scars are sexy, and your legs are hooot!
Your muscle tone is really nice though!
Love your hair too!
girl you are absolutely gorgeous and your skin is glowing and on top of that you have beautiful eyes and such a soft kind gaze I couldn’t not comment on this, I hope you had a good day 💙
Your head is literally the perfect shape for this hairstyle.
I understand that hair can be the make or break for a lot of people’s confidence, but trust me, you look amazing.
your hairstyle looks so good on you i wish i had the guts to shave more than the sides of my hair :)
Dude, your hair looks great.
Your facial hair looks nice, especially with the awesome haircut/hairdo you have rn.
On the left you give off cute wholesome professor vibes and on the right you give off caring dad that'll ask about your day vibes, lovely smile and hope you have a great day
I love that even with insecurities and feeling down you still decide to smile, hell ya!
You also have very nice legs, which isn't a compliment I give often haha.
Your smile makes me smile.
OMG you are so handsome and I love your hair.
wow you are so incredibly attractive, like, those brows?
Ultimately, dating is all about being comfortable in your skin and being kind to others.
Although I can only see the picture (and not inside your soul), your eyes are big, your cheeks are full, your freckles are adorable, and your lips are full.
Just like that sunflower, always turn your head towards the positive.
You’ve got this, keep your head up!
I love the way the wind is blowing your hair.
Something about your eyes really catches one's eye.
You have a sweet and pretty smile.
Your appearance is very cohesive.
The beauty of your hair is only topped by the symmetry and good proportions of your facial features.
If your personality is as confident as you look in this photo, you're certainly ready to beat that low self-esteem forever!
I love your eyes.
Your hair looks amazing, those curls look so cool!
You have such a kind and lovely face.
you have very nice hair!
You have a good soul.
I hope your days are filled with happiness.
You’ll get back on your feet soon I’m sure!
You don’t have to figure out what to do with your life today.
You have the opportunity to figure out how you want to spend today.
You also have the opportunity to figure out the kind of person you want to be.
I encourage you to step outside of your comfort zone (like posting sans makeup pictures), make mistakes, learn from those mistakes and grow.
You have a fantastic and warm smile.
Hey, you are a very attractive chap, great face, strong jaw, nice even features, fabulous eyes, the way you look directly into the camera is very disarming, as if you are looking right at me.
Hey, you have such a warm and open face, I just HAD to stop and comment.
I hope your week goes well and that you find a little warmth inside from the fact that this internet stranger saw your fabulous smile and couldn’t scroll past without saying hi.
I am sorry that depression sucks and can be really hard to manage however I hope that you know you are a beautiful human and seeing this awesome picture made me smile.
Keep smiling with that beautiful smile 😃 thank you for being positive despite you’re struggle.
Wow your hair looks so soft and healthy!
Your hair looks great!!!
You shouldn't be second guessing your hair.
Your hair looks professionally done, too.
Your hair looks great!
Your hair is absolutely gorgeous!
Based on your hair, your life decisions have been good.
I'm right there with you on the depression and I found that exercise and getting outdoors works wonders ... by the way, that is a great picture, you have a warm and kind smile, and smiling is like nature's way to help us fight off depression.
Your hair looks fantastic!
And, don't let your hair get you down (I know, bad pun) but really, you made a decision and the great thing is it will grow back if you want it to get that length again but don't make the decision to cut your hair something more than it is ... keep it in perspective and from my perspective, it looks great!
You have a wonderful smile and I am obsessed with your shirt!
When you are on your lowest the only thing left is going up I know life can be hard but trust me life will get better you are a beautiful amazing girlso smile cause that makes more beautiful
I hope you'll find the way to the happiness, whatever you need for
Clearly you can make excellent decisions if we go by your hair :)
But if you can smile and you’re out in the world you’re winning!
You have a beautiful smile, and your piercing, short hair, and bikini make you look cute and playful :)
Your eyes are gorgeous
You picked out great frames for your glasses.
They really compliment your hair color.
How cute 😊 tho I must say, your dimples and lips are way cuter than hers!
You have a cute and playful smile :)
Your hair does like nice!
You both spread happiness wherever you go with those smiles.
Your hair is so sleek and shiny 😍
You are having a fabulous hair and skin day !
So beautiful 😍❤️ love your smile.
Do you have natural straight hair ?
You look amazing, and I love your eyes and smile!
Well they look lovely and your lovely smile just seems to make them look all the more better!
Rock on with your shoes and your badass tattoos man!
i specifically love your lashes and your skin!
You dress however you want, at whatever age you want.
Your shoes and beard are fire!
Your face is beautiful specially your eyes!
and i love the heart sunburn close to your eye hahah.
naw dude, your shoes are as cool as your beard.
Not only do your shoes look amazing, but the beard and tats are fucking great
Holy shit, your left hand piece.. that’s gorgeous.
WOW you’re pretty 😳 I’m so jealous of your eyebrows 😭 Love your hair &amp; those pearly whites too :) Hope you have a good one!
Keep your head up, keep pushing forward, and always know things change for the better.
You have very kind eyes.
You can certainly rock a kickass beard!
I love your hair!
I wish that you could find happiness again.
Hey you look beautiful, your thighs included.
You deserve to feel comfortable in your own skin :)
You have a great smile and I hope you are in for better days soon.
Your beard is absolutely amazing!
Well let me give you some compliments so you feel better ejem ejem you face is so beautiful like i can see it being the face of a model or something like but it would be more beautiful if you smile a bit and your eyes are so cool looking like i can see you have a very unique color of eyes.
I love you long hair that just the cherry in the cake that is your face and well when it comes to everything else about you is beautiful without a question hehehe i know that all of that is corny but i hope it makes you smile and don';t worry your week will get better i promise.
I love your hair so much, its really beautiful!
So jealous of your hair 😅
Your jawline would make Superman jealous.
Your eyes look like mine and I have really pretty eyes.
You have a lovely face and seem really nice!
Did you get the cut from that sharp jawline?
You look great without makeup.
I like your hair
I love the way your lips look.
You don't need makeup or a filter, you look awesome anyway!
Your eyes are breathtaking, so big, beautiful and dark.
Your skin is so smooth and perfect, how!!
Yoo I love your brow shape 🖤
Love the tattoos, especially the crane, and that lil bit of color in your hair looks so cute
you look amazing without it, can only imagine how great you'd look with makeup on!
also kinda random but you have a really nice smile :D
You are someday going to fly away from that toxic nest you are in, breathe in the world, meditate in the cool mornings, drive too fast and get a ticket, fall in love, and still have the best hair!
Your hair looks very pretty!
Also you have gorgeous eyes :)
Your smile is really really prettyy 🥺💕
I like your haircut its kinda boyish but it suits you surprisingly well!
And makes you look really cute and you have a lovely smile!
Love the way your makeup looks now, it’s softer and it really compliments your pretty features!
The location of the fruit attracts attention to your chest and the stripes make it easier to see the curvature of your bust.
I can’t see the back of your hands
For when your breasts deserve the best!
To your great soft smile :) Your outfit is beautiful &amp; so are you &amp; I hope things ease up for you &amp; you make it through w/e you’re going through.
Love your eyes, button nose, and lips...
You look gorgeous and I hope you find the happiness that you deserve ♥
Nobody has the right to know what's going on in your head.
You look like a genuinly nice person, you have a smile hidden there and I bet it is very charming!
Your eyes and smile are so incredibly beautiful!
I hope the mood lifts, and you can walk out had held high and turning heads.
Your eye makeup is very flattering on you and you are super cute!
Beautiful eyes, cute as hell, awesome hair and love your style.
your freckles are darling!
and i love your hair color!
I'm in love with those freckles now and oh my god your hair looks amazing.
Your hair is so beautiful and long, I am legitimately jealous (in the best way possible)
Your eye makeup looks like a sunset
Sounds like you've survived a few root canals already, and as long as they don't root around in the front of your mouth and ruin that perfect smile... then no tears today!
Plus you are clearly having a good hair day, and as a bald guy...
That star necklace (get it...out of this world muahahahaha), those earnings, your flipping glasses, and the BOW ON YOUR DRESS!
Your hair is so long and beautiful, your glasses really suit you, and you're just really pretty!
:) your hair is so cool.
And here is your your face is beautiful like you have one of the cutest smiles and eyes i have seen to the point i would be making you laugh all the time just to see it.
Nose is cute and so are you 👍
You look beautiful from head to bottom like for real specially your legs are amazing!
so don't listen to people being assholes you are amazing and i can tell you no problem.
You're very pretty, I do like your makeup alot 💞💞
So beautiful gurl I would pay for your eyebrows!
You're cute and your smile is heart warming!
Assholes gotta rain on parades to feel dry You look super fun and you nailed the city girl look.
Omg you look so beautiful and Respects to you and it’s so cool to hear some weight loss stories 🤍 I am rooting for you
Congratulations to your weight loss journey.
I read your other post about changing lifestyle and it was really inspirational as well as helpful (I'm obese and need to lose weight).
And where did you bought the shoes?
Your mustache is legendary, you look awesome!
You have the cutest nose and lips.
Keep your head up!
You have the most beautiful eyes I've seen !
You have super pretty eyes (are they grey?
), and the shape of your lips is so beautiful.
Putting extra effort into your appearance when you're depressed is a big step.
As a girl i'm jealous of your eyebrows and how healthy and shiny your hair looks.
Your hair and makeup is done really well, and you have very pretty eyes.
Your hair is goals.
I love your hair and you've got such a regal face :)
You have very pretty features and a pretty, kind, friendly face even with a neutral facial expression.
I would never tell you to smile (I know better), but I hope you can look in the mirror and want to smile for yourself.
The curve of your lips is to die for!!
And your eyes are pretty too :) nolite te bastardes carborundorum!!
And your eyes are stunning.
I don’t know why - but your eyes made me smile.
You have such beautifully shaped lips!
And your skin looks so nice 😊
Your nose is perfect, and you are a lovely woman!
It doesn't matter what your appearance is.
Also, your eyes are super pretty!
you are BEAUTIFUL and rock that lip color.
Truly 💓 I bet you have such a lovely heart and mind to match 🥰
I love how much volume and bounce your hair has oh my goodness!
And your eyes are piercing!
And your curls are beautiful
And your eyebrows are perfect!
You have beautiful curly hair and I love your lip color
I wish we could see you smile.
You have a kind face xx
Hi sweetie, you are very cute 😍 I love your eyes 😍
And your hair is absolutely gorgeous.
You have a lovely face!
My only criticism, a smile would make you look even lovelier!
I bet you have a beautiful smile!
You have a lovely face!
My only criticism, a smile would make you look even lovelier!
I bet you have a beautiful smile!
Your nose is a beautiful shape- delicate and cute.
You have full lips- high cheekbones and amazing hair.
I hope in time you're able to work through that pain and smile knowing you like how you look, even if some others don't (many others will!!
Someone on here said you have a very regal face, and I totally see it.
I'd be so honored to even cause you to smile and witness the elegance and beauty!
Trust in you 👌 you have beautiful eyes 😉 🥺😘😘
You have the most beautiful lips!
You are worthy of love, kindness, support, and to feel fucking stellar about yourself.
Your lip shape is like a heart.
You have very pretty eyes!
As someone said you have pretty nose and lips, I personally like those eyes!
you’re glowing, keep your head up.
Your lip shape is so pretty!!!
Your skin is perfect!
You don’t need any makeup sweety.
I wish we had a better view of your eyes in this picture.
Your eyes are such a pretty color!
Your eyes and hair are wonderful!
I like your bone structure and your lips !
Your eyes tell me that you have the determination to close those negatives out so you can blossom
I notice that your hair looks a little frizzy at the top like how mine gets.
Make sure that if you get it you use about 10-20 cent coins worth on the tip of your fingers and rub it on your hand before putting it through your hair.
You seem like a wonderful person, your strength and kindness really come through the photo.
and fuck the voices... you have to realize they were put there by someone else... and that person is the one who has truly lost... they are the ones who have that void in their own heart and tried to put it in yours.
you have really lovely eyes
Show us your smile!
Your eyes are kind and your face is pretty.
Shut the fuck up, you got a good looking beard, some nice tattoos and your hairline is more intact than mine and I’m 20.
You have the most intensely beautiful eyes!
You have a fantastic facial structure, and great hair.
I wish i had your lip shape!
Aside from you being friggin adorable, note how many selfie filters give the person freckles.
As somebody with lots of freckles, you’ll learn to appreciate them as you get older.
I like that lipstick color, it matches the spite in your eyes 😉
I love your beard (opinion, men grow beards to impress other men)
It's easy to call you cute or beautiful and that we're happy to see your smile on here but are you going to be all right?
The confidence in your face adds so much, btw.
You look like a strong viking keep your chin up
I like your well defined eyebrows and your very pretty hair.
You made me smile xx
i love your dress btw
i love how you did your eyebrows especially, and your hair is so cute!
What should give you confidence, and make you appreciate your life, is that you're able to post on here and get loads of compliments and ass kisses from strangers.
I could tell you that you are truly a beauty, how radiant and wonderful your smile and eyes are, but you already know this.
Thank you for being the kind of human that makes humanity awesome!
Your smile is wonderful, and your eye color is amazing.
Also your eye lashes are amazing.
Your lips look amazing; they’re so kissable!
Your beautiful eyes have a way of smiling all on their own.
you’re so gorgeous and your curls are beautiful😍😍
First of all hit the gym pump that muscle and find all your bullies now and beat the crap out of them, pretty sure life would've beaten you to the punch though.
I love your nails &amp; energy !!!!!!
Love your hair 💕 happy birthday as well x
When you feel trapped by life, by circumstances, by people, and even your own body and emotions, it can feel impossible to find a way out.
You're gonna smile at this, but it doesn't matter how trapped you are, because you have an advantage over all of the above... Time.
It is hard when you are facing a giant to see a way to win, but realize you have the advantage, you are hard to catch because giants are slower simply by the nature of physics it takes longer for them to move.
Revel in that if you can see that truth and Smile.
Also, you have a lovely smile, and a super cool style!
Your hair are amazing, your smile is cute.
XD You are absolutely stunning, and I hope you don't mind my saying, but those legs are phenomenal!
Adore the extremely cozy vibe of your room decorations and strong accessory game extending across all limbs, but it's quite hard to look past your stunning smile and divine jawline.
Your hair looks amazing and your dress is just rocking it.
You look stunning and id say you have an amazing body
Beautiful smile you look great
Nothing wrong with you haircut.
I feel like you can also pull of long hair.
Keep your chin up dude, all low times eventually end making the good times better.
Wow your hair is awesome
You know you're sunshine embodied when you've got magnetic assets and STILL your megawatt personality distracts from them all !
I’m in love with your eyes 😭🥺Your lipstick really POPS as well &amp; that dress is so lovely :) Great sense of style madam!
Your lips are to die for.
Your eyes draw me in like the sun rising from a dark road on a lost highway, bear hugs.
Lovely smile, I like your tattoos
You have a great smile!
I love your nose ring and your outfit!
Ok stop lying, you took the picture of a model from a healthy hair conditioner commercial didn't you?
Your smile is so contagious, you have an incredible smile!
You have a great body type!!
Also, as a man who's beard isn't quite where I want it, your beard game is 🔥
Your gorgeous eyes look like deep wells of kindness so I hope you receive plenty in return.
Wow your eyes are the most breathtaking eyes ive ever seen.
Yes they are... and your freckles are deff cute 😍
Your hair looks cool.
I love your hair!
You have nice eyelashes!
Your makeup is on point!
Your eyeliner is perfect 👌🏻 Edit to add you also look like fairy in the most bad ass way possible.
You are stylish (piercings plus purple hair dye plus denim jacket along with makeup are just on point) and are fairly gorgeous and I feel you have a creative side to you (studied graphic design in college once upon a time and I get the vibe from you that I got from my classmates) which is plain awesome overall.
This is going to be a weird compliment but, I love your lips!
You have a face that's full of love and a smile filled with kindess; know how rare and valuable you are!
Good on you for being brave enough to face rejection rather than living in fear of it.
your eyes are so beautiful and striking
You have a very kind face.
And your eyes are BEAUTIFUL.
You're actually really good looking and I absolutely love your eyes
You have really pretty eyes!
And from looking at your profile you’ve had a major glow up with your weight loss!
Your smile is super contagious.
And your beard is outrageous in the best way.
You have beautiful eyes and I bet an amazing smile too, try not to be down, grab life and make the most of it xx Dm me anytime 😊😊
You have beautiful hair!
You have great hair, and great taste in plaid too!
I love your kindness that you have.
Your beard, smile and tattoos are all amazing too.
you have a gorgeous face :)
You look like such a nice guy, and you’ve got the clearest skin!!
Keep your head up :)
Chin up, you're young- when you find THAT relationship, it'll all be worth.
You face is so kind and beautiful.
You have gorgeous eyes and a super cute haircut
Hopefully the days ahead will be much happier :) You have a lovely complexion, and cute hairstyle.
I bet you have a wonderful smile!
Them jeans fit your gorgeous body like a GLOVE!
You have THAT kind of beauty.
The makeup looks amazing, and I also love your hair and eyes.
Absolutely busted into tears after reading the title and seeing your face.
Kind eyes and smile to go with your positive energy.
I just wanna say you look like such a good, kind soul and like you give good hugs.
Wait what's wrong with your nose and hair?
That beard and hair style suits you perfectly!
You are very handsome and this beard 😍
Wow so beautiful and I love your shoes.
You have beautiful eyes and beautiful hair.
You have beautiful eyes as well!
Keeo your head up and be strong!
Your smile and body would make me feel confident lol
The guy is an idiot 😂 you look beautiful and I love your t shirt ❤️❤️ it's normal to have some ups and downs don't feel bad just because you living again with your parents it's just temporary till you get back on your feet.
You’re a beautiful woman- your hair is pretty, you have gorgeous eyes and dimples.
Until then, be authentically you and attract hearts and minds around you like moths with your flame of epicness!
Spreading some positive vibes to you too ✌️✌️ love your piercings and you have a wonderful soul!
You look gorgeous, plus I'm so jealous of your makeup skills!
You have a great face shape and eyes!
You have a wonderful, warm smile
The pose is flirty like I said something funny and you're twirling your hair with interest.
You are beautiful, I love your freckles!
Keep your head up, 🌹
The best thing to do is always talk about him, keep his memory fresh in your head.
Also how cute is your smile!
Hold your head high, and walk this world with confidence because the world is your oyster and you're the pearl.
I really like your hair, you look so classy!
You have such a kind smile!
You also dress better than I ever have in my life, so you're way ahead of most people already!
Your eyebrows are too beautiful to cover up with bangs!
Hey there beauty, you have such a stunning face I couldn’t scroll past.
It isn’t just that you are terribly pretty, you have a sweetness that shines from you even though your eyes are a little sad.
Hold your head high for this trouble is internal and will pass.
&amp;#x200B; that hollow feeling sucks &amp;#x200B; I think you are very very very pretty, your eyes your hair, your skin.
I think it suits you very well, and your eyes are very drawing.
At any rate your hair does look good and hopefully that person notices soon.
you have a good shaped head
Also, you have a GORGEOUS head of hair.
Look so good I can't imagine you with hair.
You have really kind eyes :).
You also have a really warm, inviting smile about you.
Well whatever it is you have a great head of hair.
Though I suspected your eye color is different than the filter tint you used they are mesmerizing!
Thankfully though, you are a beautiful woman with a great body and seemingly great sense of self.
Amazing and very real good work to do in the world Also, superficially, I like your beard!
I hope your boyfriend will open his eyes and give you what you want to feel happy.
Also you have a wonderful smile!
I don’t know how you can feel ugly with those beautiful eyes 😍
Oh my god you have the most adorable facial structure and big beautiful eyes, you look like a stunning doll♡ unreal♡ stay strong girl!
Your body is perfect just the way it is ❤️ just remember , just because you see yourself a certain way doesn't mean other people don't see you as the most beautiful person they've ever seen.
You are a beautiful being and your body looks way different to others than it will to yourself
You look fantastic in your makeup too!
I'm so jealous of your hair!
You have a super kind smile and beautiful face
Can i please say, you have absolutely killer eyebrows?
I love your piercings and jewelry!
This side of your face definitely does not look weird.
I hope this doesn’t come off as strange to say, but the shape of your lips is very pretty 🙃
Next time you go shopping at wal mart and see a girl you are interested in, smile and say whats up.
But just like your broken arm, your heart will heal as well.
I’m going to spend the next week in sheer envy of your hair, I will not lie.
Your skin and eyebrows are perfect!
I am in live with your hair!
Your skin is so perfect wth im jealous
You have an EPIC beard!
Keep your head up high.
Keep you chin up girl.
Your eyes are so pretty!🤩🥰
I think your face is beautiful and you should be proud of being such a cutie!
Your lips are perfect for you and you don't have a big forehead.
You look really cool bald, the beard completes the look :D
Somehow you've also kept your hair in a perfect shape, so on top of your game!
Not only that, but something about your eyes makes me feel safe and relaxed.
Girl your eyes 😍
Thought you had a knife in the side of your head when I first saw this pic, gave me a good chuckle so thanks!
I love your hair!
you have a very kind face - thank you for your nice words!
Dude how did you get your hair like that, it’s beautiful.
Your eyes are amazing!
Don't you have one of the kindest faces, with the most amazing eyes, cute nose, beautiful hair, perfect lips....
You've got an amazing open smile that just invites a person in to get to know you better!
Let your body grow up first.
Thanks for sharing that beautiful smile with us &amp; hope you have a wonderful day/evening!
 I'm sure a couple of those will pique your interest😁 you have a beautiful smile and I hope all the best for you!
You're extremely pretty and I like your top/dress :)
I like ya cut g. Your red hair is great
Your hair and makeup are flawless!
That dress is very flattering and your smile is stunning
I imagine you have a beautiful smile, and I wish I could see it.
Your smile is positively infectious and has certainly helped to brighten my day.
I LOVE your hair!
And you have such a sweet smile, and wonderful eyes.
I wish I had the confidence to rock green hair half as amazingly as you do.
Your hair is lovely and I like your shirt
It frames your face so well, I love it!
Your freckles are so cute 😍
Keep your chin up you look like a sweet looking person
Heartbreaks always suck but as I have always said, eventually you get over them and you can look back on this and smile.
Sorry to hear about that but nice smile you got there!
I love your smile and your arms.
Keep your head up brother
I’m sorry about your heartbreak :( I hope you feel better soon, you’re very handsome with a gorgeous smile 💕
You have a great smile too!
who ever broke your heart wasn't meant for you, and only means there's someone better down the line.
Your piercings are really cool and they accent your already beautiful features well.
Under the filter it looks like your eyes are pretty too.
You are very pretty I love your eyes, hope that'll help cheer you up!
I'm not sure what you asked...your eyes got me 😍
But to be honest, with that beautiful face of yours every color will suit you for sure :) Have a big internet hug from a stranger!
&amp; I think your eyes are incredible
You look like a dude I'd want to drink some beers with and I love your eye color!
You have a beautiful smile.
And your beard goes so nicely with them!
are you kidding me with that face and hair.
you look like a model 😳 if it wasn't for your background I would've thought this was an advertisement for a skin care company...
From your picture you look like you have a great personality .
Your eyes look great!
You proved smiles are contagious!
You have a really amazing smile and I love your hair!
Your smile is infectious!!
well i'd say honestly I hope you can find some happiness this life can be really tough but honestly that's why we look toward here to find some friends to be a little bit of a community a person to lean on even if we dont know a single thing about said person
Dang I really like your hair and eyeliner
This will not be forever and I hope you have moments of happiness while you wait for the day you can be away from your father.
Your hair looks great!
^((Obvious copypasta is obvious)) On a more serious note, you have a nice smile.
Your bone structure floors me😍)
You look great and have a very nice smile!
whole vibe from hairstyle to eyeliner to dangling earrings and blue jans which compliment your colour explosion top extremely well is defo goals
the gold in your hair and your eyes really go well together and im not sure why lol dont worry your skin is beautiful
You have very gorgeous and seductive eyes and your hair flows like it is silk and soft to touch.
Dude you have a great smile and look like a genuinely positive person.
Seriously, it's a shame I can't see your face because the rest of you is jaw-droppingly beautiful!
I really love your tattoos, and your dress does look really pretty!
Your hair 😍 happy birthday!
You could cut glass with that frickin' jawline.
And because you have goals like losing weight and gaining strength/muscles you HAVE TO sleep well and eat healthy.
And I love how you went from noodle arms to fit and confident!
Keep your head up, this will all be worth it when you graduate.
You have such an awesome smile!
Keep your smile strong and remember, you kick ass.
Wow, I really like your eyes and smile!
Love how you can smile afterall, I think you are the one kicking depression ass!
And please keep smiling, you are beautiful and strong
Love your green hair!
also i'm so in love with your hair, i have wanted to bleach mine white forever but i have a sensitive scalp lmao.
you are so gorgeous and have awesome piercings!
Your beard is as full as an Italian dinner is full of carbs.
the warm and pink colors really compliment your skin tone and stand out so well against your hair color!
You have a Nice smile!
Your face is gorgeous, it’s just missing a big smile
You have perfect eyebrows and a great face shape!
Your face also gives off good vibes, like you're a nice person
You look very handsome, keep your head up!
You have enchanting eyes and that liner is so perfect.
I could stare into your eyes for hours and get lost.
You have lovely eyes and it would be shame to have real sparks that close to them.
When wearing that, you can wear your hair however you want..
Good luck in the near future when you have your hands full.
Did you know that some people are actually INTO big butts?
Also love your hair, the style really fit you, I'm sure you get that a lot though.
You look lovely, I adore the skirt, shirt, and bag combo, they really all compliment each other and you have a gorgeous smile my friend, I hope you are able to transition well and in good health to whatever you feel is right for you, and I hope the people in your life that you cherish like your friend appreciate you as much as you deserve!
Oh wow, I love how your fingernails match your hair!
Love your eyes and your face like porcelain🙂
I think you nailed it!
You have great bone structure, I wish I had your cheek bones.
Whatchu talking about, I mean look at those eyes, the green is so strong and clear, it is so easy to look at and so captivating even, and oh my god your hair, don't even get me started, too bad I am getting started, it's lovely, it's this wonderful combination of blonde and brown, it's clear you put a lot of care into what others think about you, and how you can improve as a person, and while in extreme amounts it can be straining on a person's well-being, I do believe if you keep it at a healthy pace, it's a wonderful trait to have that's incredibly difficult to teach someone if they don't know how to do it on their own, confidence should come from self reliance and self reflection if you want to build long lasting confidence to hold on to, now, let my words in a sense be a stepping stone for you, I do truly mean everything I say, oh and I forgot to mention, you have a nice smile and not everyone can rock piercings as well as you do, so good on you, keep up the great work, keep moving forward, I know you can do it, best of wishes!!!
You've got a nice head-shape so you could even rock the full shaved head too.
Your eyes are electric!
And your eyes are amazing.
I love the shape of your eyes.
You, your bangs, and your nose ring are all hella cute and that sweater looks comfy af.
Or is it part of the dress, I can't tell) and that matches your dress, and that matches your hair and eyes and eyebrows, just everything makes you just look so well put together and proper, even still you look so welcoming and comforting to speak to, you're just rocking it honestly, keep it up friend!!
Oh wow, like I know it's going to sound superficial but like, you're genuinely incredibly handsome, and hot, like those eyes of yours are really deep and really nice to look at, and your hairrrr omg your hair is such a nice shade, and how it really compliments all your features in your face (including your awesome jawline 🤩😍) and wow, black actually looks really good on you, it really helps deepen your eyes and really make them pop, overall, simply splendid, and I'm sure you're gonna be eyecandy for all those single girls (and guys if you swing that way), keep up the great work!!
Oh wow, your beard and eyebrows are on fleek!!!
They really help compliment your eyes, and honestly you look like so much fun to hang around, I'm sure your friends really appreciate the kind of person you are, keep it up friend, cheers!!
The way your hair compliments your skin tone and eye color and omg your choice in make up is spectacular too because it really does match everything about you, it doesn't mask anything, it just makes the best parts of you shine brighter and that's the best way to use makeup honestly, you did an absolutely amazing job that I couldn't even dream of achieving tbh, and I love your outfit btw, I'm low-key jealous of it, but idk if I'd be able to pull of the beauty you get from it as well as you do, it's just so colorful and lovely 😍🤩, keep up the fantastic work!!
You gonna break hearts.
Hot damn, stunning and your hair is absolutely gorgeous, the definition of suave, your eyes are also beautiful, the hair really helps define them and make them sparkle and honestly you seem like a wonderful person!!
Oh wow, I'm just on awe with your hair right now, it's so beautiful, I love it, and your eyes too!
They are such a pretty soothing pastel color, ah it's just lovely, and it's the perfect compliment for your lips with a soft pink and warm feeling, and I absolutely adore your outfit in your last photo, the cream color totally works with everything you have going on with you, absolutely stunning, keep up the amazing thought and effort you give to being your best self, it's truly an admirable quality and I hope that people in your life appreciate it as much as you deserve to be 😍💞🥺🤗
Oh wow, that top's color really brings out the sparkle in your eyes, it's actually stunning, and the make up has been doing amazingly, I couldn't dream of doing it as artistically as you do, keep up the great work
🤗💞🥰🤩 Edit: sorry I just have to mention, you have a precious and genuine smile, it looks beautiful.
So luxurious, it compliments your skin tone so well!!
And not to mention your eyes!
And idk if it was intentional or not but your undershirt totally matches your lips color and it looks wonderful!!!
And your jacket part of it also matches your hair and skin tone, it's just so so lovely and it's obvious you take a lot of time and thought into being and feeling the best person you can be, keep up the great work and I hope you get the appreciation you deserve in life, cheers!
Your eyes and smile and sweet face all around 😍😍😍 just the whole set up.
You are a heart throb.
And hey, it breaks my heart to see a fierce and noble creature like yourself apologize for your feelings.
Wow I'm loving your eyeshadow and your shirt's colors they really really compliment each other and it makes you look gorgeous, your fashion choices and make up really highlight your best features rather than just making new ones and your hair is a lovely shade of brown, keep it up you're beautiful!
Edit: I just wanna say, your eyebrows are on fleek!
Oh wow, your hair man it's such a lucious mane, I love it, you look so kind and comfortable to talk to, and I love your fashion choices today, good job making it through the day, keep pushing onwards, I know the sun is gonna start shinning for ya as cheesy as it is to say, things are gonna get easier, keep up the great work 🤩🤗✨
I'm loving the swimsuit, it totally matches your style, I would be jealous of it but honestly I could never *dream* of pulling it off as well as you do, for real you look spectacular in it especially the way it compliments your hair and eyes, and your catttt aaaa they look so cute make sure to give them cuddles for me 🥺🥺, overall hopefully it didn't damage your phone too much, and I hope you're able to swim better in the future (also I know it's stupid but even your swimsuit and phone case match 🤩) you're killing it, keep it up, rooting for you !!!
The color of it really matches your lips so wonderfully and both of which are heightened by your glorious hair, and not to mention those beautiful beautiful eyes of yours, really dazzling, we all don't feel ourselves at most times, but y'know what, just keep pushing through and I know for sure that you'll be able to find your groove again, keep up the fantastic work, cheers mate 😍😍🥺💞🥰
I love the glasses man, they look so good on you especially when complimented by your lucious hair, it's just gorgeous, I wish I could pull off long hair like that, it really compliments your sparkling eyes, I am sorry you are feeling a little down lately, just keep on going forwards my man, and you'll reach a wonderful place I know it, keep it up !!
🤩🥺 Edit: forgot to mention your eyebrows are on fleeek!
And your hair wow, it's so pretty, and your eyes really sparkle!
Keep your cute chin up and keep kickin ass!
You’re very cute, I love your dimples, you have a lovely smile.
And your arms look muscular so that’s nice too.
your smile feels like a patch of sushi every, your glasses compliment your face very well, and I love the length of your hair!
Honestly man, there isn't much I could say that wouldn't be nitpicking improvement wise, I mean you're already so handsome, like just the way your shirt compliments your eyes, and the way your hair is just so, fabulous!!
Perhaps picking up a habit of shaving your face could be a nice new thing to try for you!
But again it would be nitpicking to mention it I mean honestly your face structure even is absolutely fantastic, you're killing it man, keep up the great work!
Your eyes and hair were made to fit in a tux, hope you have many opportunities to wear one 😁 Great smile too
His loss, I say :) You look like a sweet gal, your hair is so pretty!
I love your curly hair, the short cut means it's not too distracting from your beautiful face.
And your smile is infectious.
Show that smile off as much as you can
i’m sorry that you’re feeling down i’ve been there and i know it’s such a horrible feeling to give your heart out to others only to be left in the dark by them.
You look like you have a great sense of humor
A very beautiful woman and can tell you have a fun personality.
I like your nose ring.
Love your hair so much, you're a stylish gal
Your face is a great shape and that stubble is cool
You have a very nice body.
You have amazing eyes
You have amazing hair!
You have the most gorgeous smile :)
Keep your head held high cause you’re strong and better than the people and things that are being you down.
You are truly beautiful and would love to see you smiling soon
I am loving that outfit, you look absolutely amazing in it, especially the way it matches your hair which also matches your glasses and wow your eyes just sparkle omg, you look absolutely beautiful.
You have amazing hair, a lovely smile and deep eyes.
That said, you have a beautiful face!!
You have great curls.
Mad or sad, you have beautiful eyes.
Coming from someone with a "resting judgmental face" myself, never worry about whether your facial expression is enough for someone else.
Great smile when you do.
I really like your glasses they look so nice on your face shape!
ghrgeh you have the most wholesome smile!!
And you have a good beard, which means you can rock the bald with beard combo.
Just remember your smiling is a great middle finger to all those haters!
Your body looks ROCKIN.
You should maybe consider losing weight in friends.
Nah, your figure looks amazing.
And you have beautiful feet
The strength it takes to follow your heart and needs is huge even when you have a flawless support system, let alone when that support system isn't there.
Aww, keep your head up!
Pretty face, loce the contrast of your complexion to hair color.
I'm not a dress person either, but you look adorable in that dress.
Keep doing your thing.... be happy and use that smile as often as you can.
You wear it well, just don't live there hard life he did, the bags under guys eyes won't go away.
✨ Your smile is infectious.
You are rocking that red hair !
Well you made my day with your beautiful appearance
Your eyes are particularly stunning.
You have the cutest face I’ve ever seen
You have a very sweet face have a better day ☀️
You get an A+++ for your eyes.
Pay no mind; chin up; chest out and remember who and what you are.
Your cheeks are really adorable.
Your eyes are astonishing and your hair is so so pretty!
i love ur hair and ur bangs not everyone can pull it off but you definitely can 🥺
Especially your face I find it very alluring.
I love the color of your hair, the shape of your nose, the color of your eyes, and the shirt looks hella soft.
That hair color suits you 💚
For a second there I thought you had a nose ring.
ur smile seems so wholesome and your curly hair is so pretty ☺️
If ‘see more’ means seeing into your soul then yes this is the right community for that
And your lips are the most Disney princess bit about you.
You remind me of thoses girls from tik tok that dress supper cute with pretty pink makeup up and stuff 😂 supper cute
Firstly that's a very cute dress for a very cute person, second I saw your profile and damn your a whole model!
Girl you have a wonderful smile
I adore your bangs and the way your hair frames your face.
You have a really cute nose and lips.
Your figure resembles a ballerina, and your style (if the background represents your style) is awesome and unique.
I like your hair now but do what makes you happy!
BDD is a bitch, but I hope you find happiness in just being the best person you can be.
You have a trim/fit body.
As long as you’re within the healthy BMI range, and you are happy with how you feel within your body, you’re happy with your level fitness, well then you’re fine.
Your smile made me smile.
It's a really pretty smile and I hope you learn to love it and share it with the people you appreciate ☺️❤️✨.
I don’t think you need to ass anything to that masterpiece
Hope the station doesn't get too mad at you because your hair is FIRE!!!!!
You are so beautiful, your hair is so gorgeous and your eyes are absolutely stunning!
&amp; I like your nose ring a lot, I think it suits you well and looks great.
You have a wonderful and gentle smile and your eyes are very captivating
You have succeeded in dressing very nicely :) You've got such clear skin, lovely eyes and a really cute tattoo.
Aw don’t cry :( you have amazing eyes!
I was too distracted by your perfect face.
I think your hair looks good 😊
Also your eyebrows bring your beauty to a hole new level.
Your dress compliments your hair beautifully.
You've made this look your own and you've nailed it.
You have thin lips but a killer smile
You look stunning and your eyes are gorgeous!
Your hair looks great!
I love your intense eyes!
By the way, if you had huge lips, they'd probably complain about that.
And seeing your picture- you are smiling like I wish I could.
Your smile is beautiful.
Your eyes are gorgeous :)
You're still young and will someday find the one who will cherish your heart as well as you.
Wow your eyes are amazing!
You look wonderful without makeup!
Your complexion looks lovely, and your hair colour is nice.
You have a lovely smile.
I think your nose fits your face really well actually!
It wouldn’t make sense for you to have any other nose than the one you already have.
Plus you have really nice lips and eyes so you pretty much hit the jackpot when it comes to facial features 😊
I love your hair!
You're nose is adorable, and I love your eyes!
You have a very bright smile and nice eyes :) keep your head up
It suits your face very well!!
You have a great smile and you look friendly and warm.
I like the squint of your smile.
You have great skin.
You have warm eyes and I genuinely like your haircut in this shot.
I hope you keep your head up too :)
You have a lovely face!
Congratulation for your courage because giving your hair like this must have needed a lot of will.
You are killing that short hair, and your eyes are gorgeous
You’re handsome and your kind soul shines through!
You can see in your eyes that you’re a sweet, thoughtful person.
Remember to keep your head up and stay strong!
You are right about the picture, you look very pretty and I love how you matched the color of your lipstick with your dress.
hmm I looked this picture over closely and I figured out why you felt pretty...cause you are!
You have such a lovely smile.
Your kindness really shows through.
You have a killer smile face!!
WHAT A WONDERFUL thing to do with your hair.
Bless your BEAUTIFUL heart.
Those kind eyes and defined face...the curvature of your slight smile...you are absolutely gorgeous.
Keep that little smile going you beautiful human.
Even without the eyeshadow your eyes would be super pretty.
Your body has helped more than one person, that is a feat many will never do!
I'm proud of you for donating your hair.
Find three things that you like about yourself and work from there, I see dazzling eyes, a cute chin and shoulders that are strong.
You are really pretty but I would love to see a smile on that beautiful face.
i love your makeup!
your eye makeup, lipstick, wow!
Just utterly shocked and you have all put such a big smile on my face!
Your mouth and smile is so cute.
You have this lines in your lip corner, dont ask me.how its called, that are so cute.
Babe your hair looks incredible💕💕 some of the most feminine people I know have hair just like yours.
It doesn't matter what length your hair is; hair will grow back.
And your body is your body!
The first thing I noticed was your hair and I was like "wow", I only read the title after.
Your hair is awesome man
Can you start growing your hair out now?
You could experiment with different hair styles at every stage of length!
I think we're all trying to find ourselves and figure out what we like, and I'm sure that plays a role in the cessation of your relationships.
I’m assuming that has something to do with your fantastic beard!
Your beard is absolutely beautiful!
Aaaw sorry, came to tell you that your beard game is ón point.
You have a nice smile, tho it's looking a bit sad, keep smiling!
You have the kindest eyes I can tell you have a wonderful soul :')
You're really cute and you seem like a very kind soul who doesn't get the kindness reciprocated unfortunately.
Second you come as a very strong person and opening up is a very strong attribute in your personality!
Please be kind to yourself your all you have now so take precious care of your body and soul.
The fact that you're not arrogant and you need to be comforted shows that you're compassionate and you're a normal person with normal insecurities And you look really good, honestly, short hair actually suits you (though I'm sure you'd look amazing with long hair as well).
If you want to chat, I'm free pretty much the whole day, I'm just a message away :) Keep your head up and be proud of who you are.
Your eyes are stunning!
I also really love your hair!
Your style, your tattoos and your personality make me think: cool dude.
You deserve to be told that you're beautiful, that the hint of pink on your cheeks when you smile makes you even more so, that you're loved and perfect.
You have the kind of smile that lights up a room!
Love your beard, and your tattoos, you're definitely handsome asf 😍 I'm going to be nice to others, and give real compliments when I can, I always do and it always makes me feel good.
You have a really nice jawline, and the short hair compliments it.
Such a warm genuine smile, your self-love is beaming :)
You look hella cute with short hair!
And your eyes are so kind.
you’re gorgeous and i love your short hair
You gotta head on over to my friend!
You look so good in that golden hair and beard!
OR... Get your ass back out there and see how romance feels again!
And apparently you can grow more facial hair than me and I have been on testosterone for decades.😁
I'm so jelly of your facial hair
Your eyes are really nice.
You have very kind eyes that are beautiful ☺️
You have a very nice beard and you also have a really nice jawline and eyes
Anyway, I'm jealous of your beard.
Your tats are so eye catching.
You have a great smile :)
You have a fantastic sense of style &amp; great hair.
You are stunning in that dress.
The envy that I have for your beard is difficult for me to express in words.
Speaking of battles, theres no way for me to fully understand or empathize with your situation other than what youve stated but with that said, my heart goes out to you bro.
Never been married but as with you the pandemic killed a relationship for me, I wont say it was the sole factor but certainly the final nail.
I had a look some of your other posts and you seem like a genuine, friendly and funny person with an amazing beard.
You have really kind eyes.
&amp; I love your hair :) (I miss having a pixie cut!)
:) The entire frame is beautiful, and you are gorgeous.
I'm not sure humanity will ever fully grasp maths, but I'm happy you're one step closer at least :) Also I like how you keep mixing up your looks, really bold - your eyes are so green!
Your eyes look so piercing, beautiful.
Your makeup looks flawless and your eye brows are so nice!
I love what you've done with your hair, and your makeup is perfect.
Your hairstyle suits you very well, super pretty!
Practice makes perfect :) I like your outfit, you've got a nice smile too.
It shows off your beautiful smile and the length of your arms and your pretty outfit so it is a good photo.
Maybe your next photo could show both arms?
Keep your head up, everything will be ok!
I love the colour if your hair!
You look so pretty with your hair and cute freckles - hope your day perks up soon!
Your cute smile will do for now though :)
Awe I like your cute dimples
Hello pretty lady, it’s kinda difficult to relate to your sadness when I see such strength in your smile.
I wish you some happiness even if you’re alone.
Congrats on the weight loss and not stopping when everyone told you it was wrong
Congrats on the weight loss, you look so thrilled!
Keep smiling to the world, sending good vibes your way.
You have a lovely smile!
Your eyes and smile are brilliant, and wow I wish I had your hair!
You have the sweetest smile ever .
You have a genuinely beautiful face, you look nice and comfortable, your smile shines through.
I love your style &amp; your freckles
I love your ginger beard and freckles .
Your smile is so pretty 💕
the glow surrounds you it jumps from smile to eyes and back again, just a glance and i'm lost in that light gloriously lost and hoping never to be found again.
You look amazing, that is always the best kind of glow ✨
I hope you put a smile on that beautiful face and come back to share your happiness soon.
The hair would have to be a bit shorter to make you look "Can I speak to your manager!?!"
But as sweet as your smile looks in this photo I don't think anyone would mind the request.
Your hair has the cure vibe to it,i love it
You give off cool, down to earth big sibling vibes, I love it x Edit: changed wording to be gender neutral
Keep your head up.
Love your nose ring!
Could just be the bright smile you are wearing.
You are a pretty girl with some nice looking ink on your left arm, and a unique style that looks good.
Stare the hard times in the face and let them know you will push just to spite them!
I don't know what kind of classy/old-school/geek kind of vibe you trying to pull but damn, you can pull it off.
You've got a full life ahead, and you'll reach your full potential by stepping in the foot prints left by those you admire.
You have a lovely smile and happy eyes!😻😻😻
You have such bright eyes and an amazing smile ☺️
You have a warm smile, a pretty face and pretty hair.
You have a very bright demeanor so you are likely a pretty nice person, which can be an attraction all in itself(could be because of the pretty and brightly colored dress).
You have a beautiful smile!!
I dont know what's going on with your personal life but I am sure you can handle it and kick some major ass.
 You radiate such a beautiful energy that, as soon as I saw you, I immediately smiled.
Your bright and lively eyes and your beautiful smile make me feel that you are a beautiful person and make the people around you happy.
Love your makeup and piercings—you look amazing!
I'm sure you'll bounce back and kick ass soon 😊 I like your style and you're beautiful 😊
Your eyes are beautiful they look like two emeralds.
Your freckles are gorgeous!
you have really pretty eyes 🥺
You have the nicest shaped lips !!!
And I love your eyes :) !
Love your eyes and your lips :) keep smiling :)
your skin is beautiful and your makeup really suits you I hope you'll get better soon.
Damn man, you have thick hair.
You also have excellent beard coverage, mine is patchy 💀
When you wake up in the morning hope your day is great And that dealing with your hangover is a piece of cake Drinking on a school night really ain't so bad Brings me back to the "best years I ever had" &amp;#x200B; You're like Harley Quinn but with the curly hair And an inviting smile that can get you anywhere You seem like the type of girl who speaks with her style And is still in touch with who she was as a child &amp;#x200B; Depression is a demon to fight from dusk til dawn Hold on to the hope that someday it will be gone Until then if you've got to drink whiskey or beer It can make the mind run a little bit clearer &amp;#x200B; Don't forget to hit the books like a boxing bag And appreciate those days when things are not so bad If those days are few and far between I hope the mirror holds the beauty I am seeing
You have a beautiful smile so please keep smiling and the world will smile back at you ☀️
Love the hair on you :) what happened last night?
The spots on your ear are also very cute.
Wow your hair is gorgeous!
Your grin looks so awesome despite your difficulties!
Hope you find someone as awesome as you :) Nice jawline coming out of that shave!
Your makeup is really nice and I love your nose ring.
You have nice eyes, nice lashes, nice lips, nice face, nice hair... Hope you have a nice day.
Love the smile and great hair :) how’s your week been?
Not a compliment but not an insult you have big eyes
Your hair looks so healthy and bouncy!!
And you have beautiful skin as well 🤗
You are so beautiful, I'm so jealous of your hair
I absolutely love your face
Your smile is precious :)
I think you have a great jawline, looks like you might have some pretty eyes that would be better displayed with frameless glasses.
Those eyes, that glowing skin, and your luxurious hair!
Your hair color and style make me feel happy.
I love your curly hair and your dapper style!
You have a great chin and wonderful coloring!
keep your head up honeypie
You look like you have a beautiful soul!
Loving the hair, and you have very warm, kind eyes
Also I love your hair, it's the perfect combo of messy&amp;neat, makes me want to run a hand through it😄
That may be true, but you have very kind eyes, and a warm smile, and all around seem very approachable.
I fucking love your eyes 🥺💝
You have really kind eyes.
Also, you have pretty eyes :)
Omg your eyes, they really do truly sparkle especially the way it combines with your hair and matches so well and your eyebrows are just so on point and bold it all blends together sooo so well, and hot damn that jawline fo sho, you really be the definition of hot.
You have eyes that look kind.
Your hair and beard are glorious.
I agree with others that you have very kind eyes and look like you have a beautiful soul.
Im jealous of your hair bro
And yet, your hair is still super cute
That top goes perfectly with your lips, and your eyes are super deep.
You have a good frame and shape of the face.
Your lips, eyes, glasses etc all make it stand out.
I do believe you should see every day knowing that you would captured people’s minds and hearts.
Also love your hair
this dress suits you so well!!
also your hair looks amazing (:
I love your hair
And your little smile is so cute hahaha
The best part about dresses is that they can be so comfortable and people think you put a lot of effort in when it’s just so easy to throw on a dress!
Bruh with your bone structure you could wear a plastic bag and look good
thats a great dress, and you pull it off very well.
I also like your hair and your smiley face
Love how comfortable you are in your own skin!
Also, love your hair!
You will be on the upper hand!
I absolutely love how your entire outfit matches, from your hair to your top to your pants to your socks to the threads and laces in your boots!
Hello, cute poster :) Gorgeous eyes and I love that lipstick matching your lashes &amp; hair.
You look like the kind of person I'd really wanna get to know but be too shy to talk to cause you look so cute and cool and effortlessly badass 😍
In Scotland dudes used to wear skirts to have space for the nuts and bolts, I'm happy to see comfortableness in clothes like these are becoming widespread now, and for some odd reason I feel a little weird seeing a guy in a full on dress, irregardless you do you, as long as it's not pedophilia or something
You look great, slick hair!
If you don’t know who that is google it 😂😂 compliment in my eyes!
They look like entertaining company :) also at least the face you pull is adorable!
I have to say I'm jealous of your hair, it's beautiful.
Omg I am loving your eyeliner game, like honestly I'm jealous you have some high class skill there and I'm surprised it's just your first time doing makeup, it's great and your eyebrows are legitimately on fleek!!
Your eyes are so pretty!
You look awesome, I love your curly hair and your overall sense of style!
Keep smiling you look beautiful 💞
Your eyeliner is PERFECT😍🔥
A goddess with a beautiful and shining smile: you can warm everyone with it 🤗
You have beautiful hair, and I love the way your smile gives you cute little dimples :)
Your hair is styling and love that smile!
Your body is f* hot
You have a lovely figure!
Use this time to make sure your hair is growing in healthy and wear some CUTE wigs!!
Your eyes look v pretty don’t cover your face!!
But your hair is v pretty like that!
If you love dresses you can always get away with pairing them with a cardigan and leggings, opaque tights, or high socks and boots to wear them all winter!
You have such a warm smile, and your dinosaur outfit is so cute, and you're beautiful, and just seem like a lovely, kind person.
You have such a beautiful warm smile.
Go give yourself a smile in the mirror while thinking of something positive you will do today.
So pat yourself on the back, because you are doing amazing.
I love your makeup!
And your nose is so cute!
It will not be be like this every day, andit is ok to put down a little bit of the weight to catch your breath, so that you're able to keep on carrying it further.
Its contrasts so well with your pale skin.
Your makeup is better than he'll ever be as a person forget about him!
You have beautiful hair!
Your hair and your eyes are gorgeous!
I love your smile too!
Your better than you think and with a killer smile ☺️
Just from the way the light is hitting you here I can tell you have really pretty eyes, it’s hard to tell what color they are but I really like the way they sparkle!
Love your eyes 😍
You have a beautiful smile and the dimples are absolutely adorable
I absolutely love your hair style, the way it flows and waves like an ocean wave while still maintaining a deep and passionate color is absolutely fantastic, and let's be real, your outfit totally matches and compliments it, and wow, your eyebrows are absolutely on point!
Your whole makeup game is ~fabulous~, low-key jealous of your skills.
🤩🤩, And you truly do have a beautiful smile, and I'm sorry to hear you're having a tough time finding that motivation to losing your job, friends, and intimate partners, as well as a place you truly did call home, all at once in a rapid fire movement, it's absolutely devasting for any individual, the fact that you are looking to improve your mood through other people, and not declining into your own shell of despair is frankly, simply admirable, and impressive, it's a rare thing to see, and it truly does shine true to you, and who you are as a person, and that being, something remarkable and something to be appreciated, unfortunately, you've hit a rough time, and I honestly just hope you're still able to see the delightful spirit you have that others, and myself, see you as, but I understand how that could be difficult to see when you've lost so much that you hold true to be part of you, and to that, I just wish you the best of luck, my sympathies, and most importantly, my appreciation for you who are, keep it up friend.
🥰🤗 Edit: can't believe I forgot to mention hahah, but you have a hella cute dimple, I loveeeee it !!!!
I love your dimples!
I’d love to have a beautiful lady like you about, your smile is infectious 😁 please look after yourself, treat yourself like the queen you are ❤️❤️ lots of love my dear 😚
i like your style and i love your nose piercings!
Your eyes are so beautiful, and your freckles are so cute!
I love your hair and your eyes are gorgeous.
It sounds weird but you look very naturally happy with that smile.
Also, you look great without makeup.
Would love to watch you run right into my arms.
It's nice to see you smiling through it!
You have a disarming smile, killer style and loooove your hair.
You have an absolutely killer smile and beautiful eyes 😍
They’re a good compliment to your already good face ✊
and your eyes look amazing in this photo btw!
Your brows are what dreams are made of
Bet your back is thanking you
Keep rocking that lovely smile for you and your kiddo!
Your hair is GORGEOUS!
Your hair is goddamn spectacular.
Your eyes are deep and soul full.
Your skin is beautiful.
You just glow with happiness :) thanks for sharing!
You are strong, independent woman with luminous skin, amazing bone structure, raven-like hair, cool blue eyes, and a sexy witchypoo look!
Your hair looks fantastic, your style between your hoop earrings and top is gorgeous.
You have very pretty eyes!
You got a very cute smile and some damn good fashion!
wow, i can see you as a hair model.
You know when you walk into a barbershop and see posters with all these beautiful women with amazing hair.
That's some L'Oréal advertisement quality hair you got going on there.
I loveee your hair
You've got beautiful eyes, and the cat eye style really suits you :) you wouldn't even need that many filters, natural is always the best.
Your tattoo and figure
I like your nails too.
That's a load of shit you have a really cute face ❤️❤️❤️
i love your piercing 😍
your cheeks look nice and you have a great jawline!
Also love your hair, you look cute
I like your face.
They sound really stupid, I’m looking right at you and your face is my new favorite
Forget anyone who would try to bring you down by criticizing your beautiful face.
Love the shape of your lips!
I hope that you're able to do some small kindness for yourself today; you deserve it!
Go for it you magnificently dressed man, you got it !
Best of luck to you - you look very nice, I like your hair as well!
I love your hair color
How did you get your hair so vibrant???
Oh my gosh I love your hair, and you have such a cute smile!
Also, I love your hair and smile!
Your beard is dope
Love your hair, you somewhat look like Tokyo from money heist
You don’t need to apologize for your hair!
It also accentuates your hair really nicely.
Your makeup is amazing and you look cute as hell!
You look like someone who would teach me how to put on my makeup properly in the women's room, and also call out toxic bs for others.
While it is a lovely pic, after reading the title, to me, your face now reads, "hurry up and take this cute picture its freezing out" lol
You’re beautiful and I love your hair.
Sick or not, your eyes are still lovely!
Love the shirt and the hair but I guess depends on how you want to cut it.
You have a good face so long or short it will still look good.
Your eyes are striking!
You look great keep your head up these are the best days
Seriously, your face looks 100 percent normal.
Also your eyes and curly curly hair are super cute!
Love your makeup and hair!
As far as your appearance goes, I think you look pretty good, though you would look better with a smile.
I love your smile and eyes.
You have a really friendly face, and I bet it will be easy for you to make friends when we reach our new normal.
I don't want to sound creepy, but your hair looks really soft.
I hope your day gets better and turns out to be as beautiful as your eyes.
You have a beautiful smile.
Get your eyes fixed.
Ngl I would subscribe to your Youtube channel if you had one just to be able to see your likeable face every day.
I'm ok. Love your hair!
In love with your hair
Love your hair girl!
Your hair and makeup looks so good!
I understand self-hatred, especially the showing teeth thing, and I know nothing I say will make you change your mind, but make sure you don't delete this post if you can.
You have a very honest, natural face with really good proportions.
I love your nails